jose_silva_352@hotmail.com,zick,pt,sent
j_filipe_cm@hotmail.com,spartakuz,pt,sent
kocas_d@netcabo.pt,KocX,pt,sent
suskind7@gmail.com,sus,en,sent
gowinder@hotmail.com,Gowinder,pt,sent
jorgerocha_2_3@hotmail.com,jorge13,pt,sent
matheus_gaucho96@hotmail.com,matheuswt,pt,sent
isabel_rocha_36@hotmail.com,supremoser,pt,sent
lucasflavio230@hotmail.com,crazychimera,pt,sent
joel.duarte@sapo.pt,bazal,pt,sent
snoop-dogg-gang@hotmail.com,jorgemac15,pt,sent
gsmadruga@hotmail.com,costain,pt,sent
javier_afonso@hotmail.com,xavier,pt,sent
ziouvir@gmail.com,zizou,en,sent
vampiria@netcabo.pt,darkangel,pt,sent
ricardo_775@sapo.pt,Alcandorils,pt,sent
fsbrain@yahoo.com,brain33,en,sent
jay_v_01@hotmail.com,master OF Souls,pt,sent
ricardo_775@hotmail.com,Alcandorils,pt,sent
bigbungle@sapo.pt,ST bigbungle,pt,sent
eduard_plesha@hotmail.com,Eduard,pt,sent
melgamix@hotmail.com,Flores,pt,sent
paulosousa12@gmail.com,subzero0,pt,sent
chrisisacamal@hotmail.com,chrisisacamal,en,sent
pedrus20@hotmail.com,PS7,pt,sent
pspdevotee@aol.com,Blink182,en,sent
ferro@dotpt.com,ferro,pt,sent
renafly@hotmail.com,Profeta,pt,sent
josecarlosantos_@hotmail.com,santo83,pt,sent
farinha_marcio_@hotmail.com,miccoli,pt,sent
igors13@gmail.com,IgorRulez,pt,sent
carvalhoboss1@hotmail.com,darkghost,pt,sent
makeko@hotmail.com,makeko,pt,sent
afonso_caldas@hotmail.com,Elegost,pt,sent
tepavi@gmail.com,Captain0,en,sent
vitinhamanuel@hotmail.com,vitorfalcon,en,sent
ruimartins91@hotmail.com,wilier,pt,sent
piga.davide@gmail.com,dandybeast,en,sent
F00k2.92@gmail.com,Rapperk,pt,sent
map@beactive.pt,nighthawk,pt,sent
ruimrsequeira@gmail.com,RMRS,pt,sent
lgcriscuolo@hotmail.com,lcriscuolo,pt,sent
csantos56@gmail.com,joe56,pt,sent
lu_cavalcante_@hotmail.com,dasdas,pt,sent
adamus71@vp.pl,krajewa,pl
2pontos.hugo@gmail.com,valente,pt,sent
marquim666@hotmai.com,andrebra,en,sent
robert_bor@hotmail.com,putridus,en,sent
diogo4_rosado@hotmail.com,aldex,pt,sent
eder_slima@hotmail.com,ederslima,pt,sent
marcuscaum@hotmail.com,lucask,pt,sent
hferrao_13@hotmail.com,ferrao,pt,sent
artursousa_258@hotmail.com,jimmy,pt,sent
marcocosta123@hotmail.com,pisco1,pt,sent
tiagojordao@sapo.pt,AIR Maraxus,pt,sent
vinicius.luc@gmail.com,Detonador,pt,sent
ricardo_fragoso@iol.pt,Papo Seco,pt,sent
claudiosilva14@hotmail.com,Mr.C da shotta,pt,sent
spammim@gmail.com,abalala,en,sent
tratratra@gmail.com,Excelus,en,sent
regtotal@gmail.com,Lmatador,pt,sent
nun__al@hotmail.com,Yaz,pt,sent
jeffer.junior@gmail.com,kalybre,pt,sent
m.s.lourenco@hotmail.com,pettch,pt,sent
miguelsilva_j.p@hotmail.com,dinogon,pt,sent
dsa5_5@hotmail.com,Firefox,pt,sent
sirluby@hotmail.com,sirluby,pt,sent
Nunorafaelmedeiros@gmail.com,Indiorafael,pt,sent
mr.bananadini@gmail.com,Sr.Banana,pt,sent
renato.feliciano@netvisao.pt,KiD,pt,sent
y2k_3@hotmail.com,skupuz,pt,sent
nacho_la12_rhcp@hotmail.com,Kumper,es
ulissesffg@hotmail.com,ulissesffg,pt,sent
Ricardosous@hotmail.com,Gollums,pt,sent
renato.afonso@gmail.com,AFI,pt,sent
panicsr@gmail.com,Panico,pt,sent
bruno93_fcp@hotmail.com,shine6,fr
luispereira_11@hotmail.com,skyman,pt,sent
juhasz.adam@gal6.com,susus,hu
Silent_Killer_666_@hotmail.com,Silent_Killer,pt,sent
sergneves@hotmail.com,sgio,pt,sent
a.canuto@hotmail.com,acanuto,pt,sent
dark_69@live.com.pt,dark_star,pt,sent
jonito-fera@hotmail.com,joaomanuel13,pt,sent
pemanico@gmail.com,ordep,pt,sent
sgrahe313@yahoo.com,orion,en,sent
grommasher@gmail.com,Grom,pt,sent
oixmzzn@hotmail.com,oixmzzn,es
lawier@hotmail.com,lawier,en,sent
a_perfect_circle81@hotmail.com,BauHauS,pt,sent
abadesso@hotmail.com,Hoolligan,en,sent
vasco_24x@hotmail.com,voorhesx,pt,sent
darioribeiro17181@gmail.com,dariovmp,pt,sent
zezito.c@gmail.com,Zezito,pt,sent
pimba_65@hotmail.com,xxblaxx,pt,sent
ze.rui7@gmail.com,gauss,pt,sent
ruiruivo83@hotmail.com,BlitzMX,pt,sent
blackmaster100@hotmail.com,BlackMaster,pt,sent
nunonoga_25@hotmail.com,Mr.Killer,pt,sent
daniel.ehme@yahoo.com,danielehme,en,sent
poketbike46@hotmail.com,GREEN,pt,sent
custo_raro@hotmail.com,Custo_rar0_,pt,sent
STATCRUX@HOTMAIL.COM,STAT CRUX,pt,sent
nelson_ng@sapo.pt,zenitte,pt,sent
dsf.bi@hotmail.com,Pudge,pt,sent
a.b.anjos@gmail.com,BobbySlingShot,pt,sent
jleitao@iseg.utl.pt,GOAL phoenix,pt,sent
ivangomes17@hotmail.com,lostangel,pt,sent
spyRit44SCP@hotmail.com,spyRit44SCP,pt,sent
kyle_southpark69@hotmail.com,Bzaina,pt,sent
Coffeear@hotmail.com,eDoc,pt,sent
weverttonoliveira@hotmail.com,WeverTTon,pt,sent
antoniovieira91@hotmail.com,Tony_tha_Mastha,pt,sent
menici@hotmail.com,Menicci,pt,sent
phracker@iol.pt,Phk,en,sent
alexandreolavo@hotmail.com,biomaster,pt,sent
nunovcruz@netcabo.pt,E30,pt,sent
brunorendeiro@hotmail.com,xpanhol,pt,sent
jocvieira@yahoo.com.br,Criotec,pt,sent
david_copa_7@hotmail.com,copa,pt,sent
jorgecorintiano@yahoo.com.br,Lorde,pt,sent
plouco@sapo.pt,pedroi,pt,sent
ronaldo_100@sapo.pt,sportingman,pt,sent
patuxuh@hotmail.com,Patuxuh_pretuh,pt,sent
carlos_do_o_12@hotmail.com,Slashpt,pt,sent
pretuh@portugalmail.pt,Pretuh_Patuxuh,pt,sent
manwhosaysnii@hotmail.com,Nii,pt,sent
jcovas7@hotmail.com,vTuga,pt,sent
praedon@yahoo.com,Praedon,pt,sent
savagegui@msn.com,furiatotal,pt,sent
PVon@megamail.pt,PVon,pt,sent
mauro.pardal@gmail.com,spike,pt,sent
afmvieira@gmail.com,Sieger,pt,sent
boy.99@hotmail.com,rubenol,pt,sent
pbiscaia17@hotmail.com,b1snaga,pt,sent
geckofiend@gmail.com,geckofiend,pt,sent
fundmedia@yahoo.com,fundmedia,pt,sent
caio_lima_16@hotmail.com,Caiolindo07,pt,sent
hugo.braganca@gmail.com,Bugaboo_pt,en,sent
just-carlos@hotmail.com,carlos,pt,sent
pm_pires@hotmail.com,CUSDF GOAL  Solaris,pt,sent
this_i_watches_u@yahoo.com,crypto,en,sent
tanas.manuel@gmail.com,tanas,pt,sent
ruiedmf@hotmail.com,RF,pt,sent
hattler@sapo.pt,Hattler,pt,sent
diogo.parreira@hotmail.com,TaBu,pt,sent
joaonuga_17@hotmail.com,No0Bb,pt,sent
claudiopinto1985@gmail.com,IceThief,pt,sent
tretario@sapo.pt,tretas,en,sent
jorgesoares0@hotmail.com,Nob,pt,sent
funnynovato@hotmail.com,IUC funnynovato,pt,sent
diogocsantos@gmail.com,Mulkor,en,sent
R_l_f_64ever@hotmail.com,Bart_simpson,pt,sent
wwe14@hotmail.com,theking47,pt,sent
festival@games2006.pt,Games 2006,pt,sent
sr_matrix14@hotmail.com,Salvatore,pt,sent
inesportilha@iol.pt,Diger,pt,sent
fmarcelino@gmail.com,DiM MeTaLLiCa,en,sent
luisventurinha@gmail.com,eppik,pt,sent
Balas_Pt@clix.pt,Balas,en,sent
bisnagakillamasta@gmail.com,XiterX,pt,sent
weferido1@hotmail.com,duduardo,pt,sent
anabraz7@hotmail.com,AnaSoft7,pt,sent
bochelord@gmail.com,bochelord,pt,sent
russo.bruno@gmail.com,Russus,pt,sent
parra1@sapo.pt,tmcp,pt,sent
angela_ant@hotmail.com,joe,pt,sent
db_silentghost@hotmail.com,SirGlade,pt,sent
ezradecleen@hotmail.com,firebol,nl
lmi@netcabo.pt,lmipt,pt,sent
diogomachado_16@hotmail.com,Blackserian,pt,sent
darksystem11@sapo.pt,farfan,pt,sent
fvfvfv24@gmail.com,fabiovalente,pt,sent
joaobrito987@hotmail.com,Wannabe,pt,sent
xboxman@sapo.pt,RobMarley,pt,sent
falsovsky@gmail.com,falso,en,sent
pauloya@gmail.com,pauloya,pt,sent
joaquim.massapina@oniduo.pt,Mystique,pt,sent
tiagoacurcio1987@gmail.com,Nhancas,pt,sent
iuriven@hotmail.com,killer,pt,sent
friea1@hotmail.com,Jack O Reilly,pt,sent
sholiva@gmail.com,sholiva,pt,sent
jhow_fernandes@hotmail.com,FlameSoul,pt,sent
nunospereira@gmail.com,GOAL Giorkas,pt,sent
erisonfg@gmail.com,Erison,pt,sent
angelojveloso@portugalmail.pt,sapodoidao,pt,sent
peter_soya@hotmail.com,niedellan,pt,sent
mfcurseangel@gmail.com,hades,pt,sent
hedysuznao@hotmail.com,Fire Devil,pt,sent
newyorkgamer@hotmail.com,Naruto3715,pt,sent
xumbino_barros@hotmail.com,GOAL xumbino,pt,sent
casa2006@clix.pt,MarioJorge2007,pt,sent
filipe.goncalo@gmail.com,toupas,pt,sent
chris919053400@hotmail.com,shiryu,pt,sent
claudiocandido17@gmail.com,buck rogers,pt,sent
bigdady_pt@hotmail.com,bigdady,pt,sent
filipemanuel2003@hotmail.com,GABBER,pt,sent
scarpelius@yahoo.com,ygo,en,sent
maverick_pt18@hotmail.com,mav,pt,sent
HuAlSUS@gmail.com,HAS,pt,sent
primo_ironmaiden@hotmail.com,MaiconCamilo,pt,sent
masterpica5@hotmail.com,picanha,pt,sent
maildofilipe@mail.pt,DERs,pt,sent
paulo_gomes_69@hotmail.com,paulojonas,pt,sent
icardo27jose@hotmail.com,ricardogervide,pt,sent
carlosvicente200@hotmail.com,Charlie Lord,pt,sent
mestrevil@gmail.com,Savert,pt,sent
gaads@hotmail.com,gaads,pt,sent
hugo_eugenio@hotmail.com,ugoeugenio,pt,sent
sr_mtrix14@hotmail.com,Salvator,pt,sent
ricardo_portista@hotmail.com,IRC,pt,sent
djneo_2001@hotmail.com,IceCubes,pt,sent
tot@portugalmail.pt,tothell,pt,sent
hell.letsdoit@comcast.net,Qualyn,en,sent
rena-69@hotmail.com,rena,pt,sent
raul.ribeiro@gmail.com,Becas,en,sent
jd_rato13@hotmail.com,Despair From The Dark,pt,sent
andrejaneco@gmail.com,Jacrash,pt,sent
madghost@netcabo.pt,IUC Little,pt,sent
epilif_pereira@hotmail.com,dj dragon,pt,sent
jvgmota@gmail.com,Meltman,pt,sent
ceadd@comcast.net,Smelter,en,sent
tiago_bidarra@hotmail.com,g0rTh1k,pt,sent
ncoimbra@gmail.com,Stargazer,en,sent
olexmal@mail.ru,Goga,en,sent
d.mouro@gmail.com,Bu11z3y3,en,sent
dead_men_@hotmail.com,Roxicko,pt,sent
joancefet@gmail.com,Joan,pt,sent
chico_belavista@hotmail.com,FedEx,pt,sent
ecinox@hotmail.com,ecinox,pt,sent
sage3@sapo.pt,SIR. PINGA,pt,sent
luis_shadow_19@hotmail.com,1shadow9,pt,sent
hugo-r@portugalmail.pt,Puto_Mamado,pt,sent
miguelandreviegas@gmail.com,GOAL Nagel,pt,sent
Saruman6993@hotmail.com,Phonix,pt,sent
ricardo_cold@hotmail.pt,ColdBlood,pt,sent
Adriano_torpy@hotmail.com,Kilzone,pt,sent
f_hmota24@hotmail.com,Darknight,pt,sent
Pirex_76@hotmail.com,Pirex76,pt,sent
molhacanalha@hotmail.com,molha,pt,sent
fabio_casaca@hotmail.com,Kripton,pt,sent
NfgCosta@gmail.com,Costa_csc,pt,sent
lordnuno22@hotmail.com,I3liTzZ,pt,sent
daemonic_lance@hotmail.com,Oaku,pt,sent
seele@clix.pt,flecha quebrada,pt,sent
sandopan@gmail.com,Freox,pt,sent
eltonbroering_14@hotmail.com,Elton1410,pt,sent
hotrod_joao@hotmail.com,NightWalker,pt,sent
ivovieirabastospereira@sapo.pt,VoiD,pt,sent
csgraca@iol.pt,xiriminout,pt,sent
ricpaulo@hotmail.com,rip2007,pt,sent
x.killspam@gmail.com,Xborder,pt,sent
ricardoleal5@hotmail.com,Lord Arcanis,en,sent
xikzecardoso@hotmail.com,xikze,pt,sent
dj_bass@abv.bg,kanadeca,pt,sent
tiago.almeida.afonso@gmail.com,Rapid Fire,pt,sent
gongas44@gmail.com,Night_Stalker,pt,sent
diosousa@gmail.com,lokokid,pt,sent
senpaighan@hotmail.com,StarKensai,pt,sent
alyaweb@fantasymail.de,Alya,en,sent
manelbazevedo@hotmail.com,max126,pt,sent
bruno_fiko@hotmail.com,Magilamal,pt,sent
fabio-e-vina@hotmail.com,vina,en,sent
mzpiva@terra.com.br,mzp,pt,sent
kaminari6@comcast.net,raiju,pt,sent
axis_soldier@hotmail.com,neG,pt,sent
tiagosimoeslopes@hotmail.com,talopes,pt,sent
rjcanto@gmail.com,BackSpin,pt,sent
aldrin58@hotmail.com,Sir_Machete,es
peter@kiss.si,PeTrcek,en,sent
tiagosusana@gmail.com,system,pt,sent
matador_2_5_8@hotmail.com,LeoMS,pt,sent
pi-ribeiros@sapo.pt,Pharaoh,pt,sent
dany801_1@yahoo.com,dany801_1,pt,sent
tiago_acurcio_198@hotmail.com,Buzana,pt,sent
seekerR@hotmail.com,Seeker,pt,sent
t.acurcio@megamail.pt,Tiaguissimo,pt,sent
Luisricpinto@hotmail.com,The SLaYer PT,pt,sent
packer10@ibest.com.br,packer007,pt,sent
nuno23_alves@hotmail.com,goodfellas,pt,sent
pedro-machado@ntcabo.pt,ventura,pt,sent
edupi@clix.pt,pirilampo,pt,sent
N_pessoa85@hotmail.com,Gvolt,pt,sent
trsp1723@hotmail.com,trsp1723,pt,sent
lucky_lucky20@hotmail.com,Stranger,pt,sent
marioafb@hotmail.com,ma,pt,sent
holokaos2@gmail.com,holokaos2,pt,sent
bbb@bbb.pt,bbb,en,sent
luisperes@luisperes.net,Alquimista,pt,sent
bfrp@sapo.pt,dark_angel,pt,sent
renatoneves@portugalmail.com,Amon,pt,sent
djoao_psx@hotmail.com,djoao,pt,sent
adeusanarquistaduval@gmail.com,AIR To Gomes,pt,sent
ricardo.tav@netcabo.pt, IUC  pqduro,en,sent
m18.teixeira@hotmail.com,alygator,pt,sent
rafaeldsmartins@hotmail.com,Empirios,pt,sent
sousago@gmail.com,G_one,pt,sent
ijgalrito@hotmail.com,ignatheos,pt,sent
dark16@comcast.net,dark16,pt,sent
raz_dekain@yahoo.fr,razdekain,pt,sent
boardsmasher@msn.com,boardsmasher,en,sent
trolada_friends@netcabo.pt,Trollitito,pt,sent
hadrc@hotmail.com,hadrc,en,sent
andretome69@gmail.com,Weasel_69,pt,sent
nlsnbuck@hotmail.com,bucknlsn,pt,sent
ruialex@gmail.com,shaqfu,pt,sent
rafael_sobral27_@hotmail.com,voorhes,pt,sent
r.ags@hotmail.com,W32,pt,sent
bickmat@cheesygames.com,Bickmat,en,sent
superfezes@yahoo.com.br,netstart,pt,sent
jonathanvicente@gmail.com,sam,en,sent
seventh_son_of_ed@hotmail.com,PowerSlave,pt,sent
greendemon177@hotmail.com,Gravemind,pt,sent
nunofsdiogo@gmail.com,pinga,pt,sent
AMDoom@hotmail.com,Evilution,pt,sent
fmendes_xyke@iol.pt,xyken,pt,sent
pemarreiros@hotmail.com,TheSpecialOne,pt,sent
jsalgueiro23@hotmail.com,planet,pt,sent
xicodraude@hotmail.com,edufcf,pt,sent
lol@lolruler.com,lol,pt,sent
hugo_gabriel_4@hotmail.com,HipHopMix,pt,sent
tiago.lima@sapo.pt,NYyankee,pt,sent
joao.pedro.martins@gmail.com,Utopia,pt,sent
nrfmachado@gmail.com,nrfmachado,pt,sent
lusan46@hotmail.com,lusan46,pt,sent
alcides_carvalho_1@hotmail.com,limewire,pt,sent
tiagomaglor@gmail.com,maglor,pt,sent
diatiago@gmail.com,Osiris,pt,sent
jldmarques@gmail.com,chesterfield,pt,sent
vbordalo@gmail.com,Morgan,pt,sent
lmagomes@gmail.com,Karma_Police,pt,sent
antunes_diogo@hotmail.com,sk0wel,pt,sent
lordgorgum@hotmail.com,LordGorgum,pt,sent
play_2_18@hotmail.com,fbi5o,pt,sent
ruipires14@iol.pt,jacubina,pt,sent
praettorion@hotmail.com,Leonnidas,pt,sent
ana_passarinho@gmail.com,anita,pt,sent
bruno.silva15@hotmail.com,the grudje,pt,sent
tiagomr20verde@hotmail.com,Vrael,pt,sent
dash@sapo.pt,Dash,pt,sent
Mokax_15@hotmail.com,M0kaz,pt,sent
tlainho@hotmail.com,6r045,pt,sent
oliveira.cifa@gmail.com,Nephilin,en,sent
bitfused@gmail.com,NiBBLE,en,sent
dawnrazor_x@hotmail.com,DiM dawnrazor,pt,sent
valentin_grigoras@yahoo.com,gerula,pt,sent
xiquinhun@hotmail.com,vegas,pt,sent
leopoldooos@hotmail.com,sr_tarzam,pt,sent
savag3r@gmail.com,savag3r,pt,sent
titidelagato@yahoo.com,titidelagato,pt,sent
paulopinteus@gmail.com,PauloPinteus,pt,sent
ciru_2004@yahoo.com,iarba,pt,sent
mr.bananadini@mail.com,Mr.BananaDini,pt,sent
susanamd@portugalmail.com,susanamd,pt,sent
bombeiro.nunes@gmail.com,bombeiro335,pt,sent
mroconnell@gmail.com,egg,en,sent
ricardoalves@netmadeira.com,Blaster,pt,sent
qspide@inbox.com,Explorer1,it
fipas11@hotmail.com,LT fipas,pt,sent
tozefernandes@msn.com,DemonFox,pt,sent
raven_pedromiguel@hotmail.com,Raven,pt,sent
kalavera@mail.com,kalavera,pt,sent
tph_94_me@hotmail.com,TPH,pt,sent
diogo_pereira_379@hotmail.com,dante,pt,sent
cetaria@hotmail.com,Petrus,pt,sent
sharkarp@gmail.com,DiM Sharkarp,pt,sent
starelhupa@hotmail.com,pedro_castor,pt,sent
andreleite.f@gmail.com,AIR Mizurd,pt,sent
joao_hed_oliveira@hotmail.com,hed,pt,sent
jonipaulo_13@hotmail.com,jonipaulo_13,pt,sent
ricardojvilela@hotmail.com,Ricardo,pt,sent
marcopaulo.pedro@gmail.com,max,pt,sent
zavatar2000@hotmail.com,Zav,pt,sent
bruno_m_v_ramos@hotmail.com,Ghost,pt,sent
dragonheart9985@hotmail.com,Marvel,pt,sent
Luziadas@net.novis.pt,Luziadas,pt,sent
sergio_fmr@hotmail.com,esse,pt,sent
zberdwin@hotmail.com,MalGanis,pt,sent
pal_mart@hotmail.com,pjpmartins,pt,sent
Hermano55@msn.com,Herlander25,pt,sent
dr3amcast3r@yahoo.co.uk,blackout,pt,sent
jasgrmail@gmail.com,jonas,pt,sent
luiz222@hotmail.com,DarkOne,pt,sent
andrefilsousilva@gmail.com,DaRk_AnGeL_X,pt,sent
mav_online@sapo.pt,mav,pt,sent
raquelserafim@netcabo.pt,Lost,pt,sent
Ciberthunderx5kx@sapo.pt,ThunderWolfX,pt,sent
jpbm_neo@hotmail.com,jpbm,pt,sent
andre_feup@hotmail.com,man_da_FEUP,pt,sent
micro_virus2@hotmail.com,knightx,pt,sent
tiago_max@hotmail.com,Shadow,pt,sent
skydevil69@gmail.com,ASA01,pt,sent
fast_mule@hotmail.com,Dracknor,pt,sent
quitoso@gmail.com,quitoso,pt,sent
Tiago_pereira_2@hotmail.com,fila,pt,sent
lipelagos@hotmil.com,angelman,pt,sent
alado1977@gmail.com,Alado,pt,sent
jcfalemao@hotmail.com,bigben,pt,sent
putosoob@hotmail.com,vit0r88,pt,sent
marrafas_69@hotmail.com,nazrat,pt,sent
vigor_mortis_@hotmail.com,Vigor,pt,sent
viralslam@gmail.com,Anatra,pt,sent
amrmatias@hotmail.com,mackhull,pt,sent
misterandrefreitas@msn.com,Empire_Earth,pt,sent
osorio_090@hotmail.com,osorio,pt,sent
Daniel_montinho@hotmail.com,Montinho,pt,sent
solitare_y@yahoo.com,Orillious,en,sent
wallie79r@yahoo.com,wallie79r,en,sent
paulosousapaiva@hotmail.com,Paiva,pt,sent
leker_16@hotmail.com,molha,pt,sent
tuning_dragon@sapo.pt,tuning_dragon,pt,sent
joaocgferreira@gmail.com,ghost,pt,sent
palbp.giga@gmail.com,Zeus,en,sent
sagan_mk@hotmail.com,sagan,pt,sent
rmcl.silva@gmail.com,spark,en,sent
nsheep@gmail.com,riV,pt,sent
taty_pereira_22@hotmail.com,muninah_taty,pt,sent
rafa_padua@hotmail.com,Linkinn,pt,sent
lol@lol.com,lol,pt,sent
nrrcosta@hotmail.com,Master_of_puppets,pt,sent
brunomfcosta@iol.pt,law20,pt,sent
creative_byte@hotmail.com,Creative,pt,sent
ruimtlima11111@iol.pt,ruimtlima,pt,sent
mustaxo@yahoo.com,The Fist Of The Porn Star,pt,sent
laracardoso@gmail.com,Kelpy,pt,sent
frystup@sapo.pt,lu1x,pt,sent
kristovao10@hotmail.com,Captain John Sparrow,pt,sent
nconsola@hotmail.com,nconsola,en,sent
carlaramalholopes@sapo.pt,miau,pt,sent
orionsbelt@zi-yu.com,There can be only one,en,sent
mfda@aeiou.pt,jade,pt,sent
albertwu_27@msn.com,Fenix,en,sent
liblib@iol.pt,ORE LIB,pt,sent
bandeira16_@hotmail.com,bandeira,pt,sent
hugo1321@hotmail.com,adidatick,en,sent
raquel_girl@msn.com,IUC SkyKing ,pt,sent
antonio.alcobia@sapo.pt,DiM Crocodile,pt,sent
kufra86@gmail.com,Kufra,pt,sent
to_leite_castro@hotmail.com,etiel,pt,sent
josegomes95@hotmail.com,alygator,pt,sent
l3viathan.fromhell@gmail.com,l3viathan,pt,sent
ribeiro.city@gmail.com,ribeirocity,pt,sent
migasgalhardas@hotmail.com,filipemiguel,pt,sent
pboleta@portugalmail.com,night fighter,pt,sent
cherba.pt@gmail.com,cherba,pt,sent
sassa_517@hotmail.com,Orionlision,pt,sent
giveme-a-kiss@hotmail.com,orion warrior,pt,sent
marcos-ferraz_15@hotmail.com,ST marcosferrazster,pt,sent
chin.dragon@hotmail.com,Thanatos,en,sent
coelho_tiago@hotmail.com,Fluck,pt,sent
jmmcabral@netvisao.pt,nighthawk,pt,sent
guilherme_leal7@hotmail.com,Silvano,pt,sent
soniamgmarques@sapo.pt,sebasveloz,pt,sent
mrpaulosilva@yahoo.com.br,Mr. Paulo,pt,sent
colin.webster@comcast.net,blade1981m,en,sent
joelito2@gmail.com,DiM Joelito,pt,sent
trunks865@hotmail.com,vitor99999,pt,sent
fweolan@aol.com,Lord Apoptosis,en,sent
25366@alunos.isel.ipl.pt,Lord Dongalo,en,sent
hugomfg@hotmail.com,Jolly,pt,sent
jmsn_18@hotmail.com,DaRk_J,pt,sent
joao_thief2005@hotmail.com,Thief_Orion,pt,sent
pedro_cachatr@hotmail.com,cachatra,pt,sent
Tramalhinho@hotmail.com,Blue_Skin,pt,sent
Ricardo_112street@hotmail.com,Black_striker,pt,sent
cluduxa16@hotmail.com,SpaceGirl,pt,sent
remisantos@gmail.com,RDS,pt,sent
hasakura@uol.com.br,nesqua,pt,sent
cesarrodrigues@gmail.com,cesarsrodrigues,pt,sent
liamfullerton@gmail.com,Zrani,en,sent
dalgurakdevil@gmail.com,Aesires,pt,sent
izumi_takaio@hotmail.com,tetsunOsuke,pt,sent
bthunder88@hotmail.com,MindEater,pt,sent
sabugo_69@hotmail.com,Jins,pt,sent
anthonymedinas@yahoo.es,almuyadin,es
hcsilva_1@msn.com,silker,pt,sent
filipe_cabacos@hotmail.com,bebe,pt,sent
carlosandre_94@hotmail.com,CC Master,pt,sent
crackez.tuning@gmail.com,Crackez,pt,sent
Gam0v@sapo.pt,Gam0v,pt,sent
jonhy66@hotmail.com,Jota P,pt,sent
nunocosta.100@gmail.com,scp100,pt,sent
pedro-machado@netcabo.pt,Ventura,pt,sent
melkor.pt@gmail.com,MeLKoR,pt,sent
antonio.correia@oniduo.pt,Escaflowne,pt,sent
loiraw_69@hotmail.com,joka__,pt,sent
afirmo@gmail.com,AfIrmo,pt,sent
ertyu@mail.pt,Filipe,pt,sent
Tiago_828@hotmail.com,T20,pt,sent
pioncelo@hotmail.com,pioncelo,pt,sent
fifalma@yahoo.com.br,2pac,pt,sent
player1331@gmail.com,GOAL FromTheCoast,pt,sent
molesa_11@hotmail.com,kabexadoespexa,pt,sent
ricardo10_69@hotmail.com,sule_one,pt,sent
nelsonbrandao800@hotmail.com,ziro360,pt,sent
ruideathkiller@hotmail.com,ASUS,pt,sent
paulo_alexa@portugalmail.pt,_Varon_,pt,sent
master0010@hotmail.com,Master0010,pt,sent
dragonair9985@hotmail.com,Marvel,pt,sent
nope@c.com,Ketch,pt,sent
williantango@hotmail.com,architetus,pt,sent
EL_XINADOR_BABILU@hotmail.com,El xinator,pt,sent
joao_pfl_silva@hotmail.com,ST JPtuga,pt,sent
eddie.666@clix.pt,gotvamp,pt,sent
ricardo.msa@hotmail.com,ra,pt,sent
jaycphoenix@gmail.com,Mustang Phoenix,pt,sent
n_mpf@hotmail.com,mikas,pt,sent
sonylexis@gmail.com,jazzhabu,pt,sent
soulair@clix.pt,Sir Ryan,pt,sent
ph_br43@hotmail.com,AsmodeosBR,pt,sent
phenix@yorn.net,phenix,pt,sent
kloxpur@hotmail.om,kloxpur,pt,sent
LeandroMariz@hotmail.com,Leo DaVinci,pt,sent
cardoso191@walla.com,Cain Fury,pt,sent
jokakoma@netcabo.pt,jokakoma,pt,sent
zebandido@sapo.pt,Ze Bandido,pt,sent
letsrockletsrock@ig.com.br,letsrock,pt,sent
jonatan@ci.uc.pt,tealc,pt,sent
luis.dstriker@gmail.com,Costa,pt,sent
Psycadellion@hotmAIL.COM,Psycadellion,pt,sent
brunonves@hotmail.com,Gaming,pt,sent
eugenio_mal@hotmail.com,DarkJoker,pt,sent
abel1994806@hotmail.com,DeathFall,pt,sent
rbafon@hotmail.com,IanRaven,pt,sent
gadami@yahoo.com,TPK,en,sent
ricardocampos65@hotmai.com,lordric,pt,sent
olexmal@hotmail.com,olexmal2,pt,sent
pcardoso@iol.pt,Alkal1nas,pt,sent
pauloslbfernandes@sapo.pt,Lord Ruy,pt,sent
jorgegomes50@gmail.com,DarthNightmare,pt,sent
sokercap@gmail.com,Mocker,en,sent
the_silent_man@hotmail.it,Nabo,it
davis15_santos@hotmail.com,davids,pt,sent
dani-martini@hotmail.com,Raziel,pt,sent
thehoaxer@netcabo.pt,kuvalski,en,sent
david_palheira1@hotmail.com,Ares,pt,sent
nunes.guilherme@gmail.com,Nova Pulsar,pt,sent
havok_2004@hotmail.com,Havok,pt,sent
emanuel_kh@hotmail.com,Freedom Fighter,pt,sent
rodolfo398@gmail.com,Rodas,pt,sent
speedmini9@hotmail.com,paulopereira,pt,sent
jagga_rmn@hotmail.com,jagga,pt,sent
darfel@gmail.com,darfel,pt,sent
anfeva@hotmail.com,Deadhound,pt,sent
ffffqwe@yahoo.com,Malys,en,sent
elf_maniac@hotmail.com,elf_maniac,pt,sent
tsukasa_hack_@hotmail.com,Tsukasa,pt,sent
ricardo_6782@hotmail.com,richard,pt,sent
rogeriocosta_arq@msn.com,inyati,pt,sent
helldisplay@hotmail.com,helldisplay,en,sent
ruimachado_wrc@hotmail.com,Ruy,pt,sent
pedromalvez@yahoo.com.br,focault,pt,sent
PHN001D.Deck@gmail.com,Deck,pt,sent
cancela-rui@hotmail.com,cancela,pt,sent
celiopaulino@yahoo.com,celiopaulino,pt,sent
andre_caeiro@hotmail.com,sUbLime,pt,sent
filipe_alves_pt@yahoo.com,The Zealot,pt,sent
jcglaco@hotmail.com,Feanorsoul,pt,sent
ac_ghostlink@hotmail.com,glink,pt,sent
nv3d2@yandex.ru,PR0xy,ru
joaovaralonga@hotmail.com,MatracasAssassino,pt,sent
jonbitor@gmail.com,jonbitor,pt,sent
joaotito89@hotmail.com,Emperor Andromeda,pt,sent
petermentol10@hotmail.com,Captain Zero,pt,sent
pedrodanas@msn.com,Danas10,pt,sent
eugennio_mal@hotmail.com,DarkJoker,pt,sent
lcavideo@gmail.com,rem3dy,en,sent
tiagobluciano@hotmail.com,kanotxa,pt,sent
celsoaf@gmail.com,celsofernandes,pt,sent
netynho_ns@hotmail.com,trial,pt,sent
joaka-brother@hotmail.com,Joaka,pt,sent
poweragopedro@hotmail.com,AIR Oxyder,pt,sent
joao.s.munhao@gmail.com,LucasXVI,pt,sent
mwseif12@yahoo.com,Matt,pt,sent
ants@gameinvest.net,bakali,pt,sent
tiago_g_@hotmail.com,tiago_g,pt,sent
ruistrike@hotmail.com,Razac Stone,pt,sent
victorlaiosantos@yahoo.com.br,vls7,pt,sent
joao.alves.pereira7@gmail.com,animal14,en,sent
diogo.peixoto@hotmail.com,IUC  The Dark knight,pt,sent
sousa1981@yahoo.com.br,sousa1981,pt,sent
lord_of_the_sky_@hotmail.com,lord of the sky,pt,sent
badman14@gmail.com,darkice,pt,sent
c.marques@netcabo.pt,GOAL Solrac,pt,sent
aacouto12@iol.pt,dartakaum,pt,sent
crazydead_SLB@hotmail.com,Sckulk,pt,sent
drkein@gmail.com,DrKein,pt,sent
guy07000@yahoo.com,guy07000,pt,sent
Buenare@hotmail.com,Buenare,en,sent
joeltolinho@hotmail.com,J.O.L,pt,sent
killbete@mail.pt,killbete,pt,sent
fox.peixoto@hotmail.com,DarkSimbion,pt,sent
walissonsi@hotmail.com,walisson2007,pt,sent
aurhe@hotmail.com,AurHe,pt,sent
roberto_1911@hotmail.com,snipersoul,pt,sent
giancarlo456@hotmail.com,Giancarlo,pt,sent
diogomorais_758@hotmail.com,diogomrs,pt,sent
thepackgg@hotmail.com,Dragonwolf,pt,sent
kosta_kk_44@hotmail.com,fcosta44,pt,sent
necrolord666@hotmail.com,Dul Kenpa,pt,sent
jonas_pedro@hotmail.com,Jonas_pedro,pt,sent
emplastro4_429@hotmail.com,RedDevil,pt,sent
rodrigoflopes@gmail.com,sgventil,pt,sent
axlthesnip@hotmail.com,jesusHATESyou,pt,sent
agenteh@hotmail.com,agenteh,pt,sent
pmatos14@gmail.com,Nemetris,pt,sent
bruno_silva14@walla.com,grudje,pt,sent
francisco_lima@portugalmail.pt,sarin,pt,sent
kemeuse@gmail.com,KME,en,sent
joao_tiago_furtado@sapo.pt,MenKiller,pt,sent
vonloxx@yahoo.com,Vonloxx,pt,sent
ace@netvisao.pt,ace,pt,sent
finigum@gmail.com,xXDarkwarriorXx,pt,sent
pmfortunato@hotmail.com,msi_pc,pt,sent
nunoalex_kid@hotmail.com,Navas,pt,sent
2005.leal@gmail.com,Arcanis,pt,sent
l_fino@yahoo.com,Pirus,pt,sent
maverick_pt18@portugalmail.pt,mav,pt,sent
cs.br.bmw@gmail.com,k2,pt,sent
next_mail@hotmail.com,filipe,en,sent
pedrodtp@hotmail.com,The Mark,pt,sent
xico_baiao@hotmail.com,xico23,pt,sent
manuel_gil500@hotmail.com,Hardqore,pt,sent
joao_guedes_7@hotmail.com,deathghost,pt,sent
cochisecesar@yahoo.com.br,cochise,pt,sent
deusaz_23@hotmail.com,NIPONICO,pt,sent
frederico.gordo@yahoo.com,firejoker,pt,sent
bravemfly@gmail.com,oi,pt,sent
jqgomes@gmail.com,volvox,en,sent
Brunn_MgAmadd@hotmail.com,MgAmadd,pt,sent
luismartins1999@hotmail.com,polilight1,pt,sent
ogame-downboy@hotmail.com,downboy,en,sent
rmp_morais@hotmail.com,estica,pt,sent
kkadziewicz@gmail.com,SpoonMan,pl
jols@clix.pt,jols,pt,sent
wasaup@sapo.pt,Fury,pt,sent
lpauleta@hotmail.com,King of Kings,pt,sent
andre_force@hotmail.com,zathura,pt,sent
benthammark@caribsurf.com,mb007,en,sent
mr_rieper7@hotmail.com,Mr_Rieper,en,sent
mario_ataide@hotmail.com,MaXtreme,pt,sent
mercurio1@sapo.pt,mercurio,pt,sent
nilton_osmar@hotmail.com,osnap,pt,sent
packer008@hotmail.com,packer007,pt,sent
meganit@bol.com.br,Maroak,pt,sent
mdm80@hotmail.com,mdm80,pt,sent
el_chaves@hotmail.com,AIR Silver0ne,pt,sent
pedro_oliveira_86@hotmail.com,anthony,pt,sent
T3HGR33NL4NTRN@aol.com,OperaGhost,pt,sent
gopher2010@gmail.com,gopher,pt,sent
p.Lage@easycol.com,PaxNova,pt,sent
joao_ds4@hotmail.com,Drones,pt,sent
scp_portugal10@hotmail.com,joses,pt,sent
jorgemiguel.scp@gmail.com,Darkshadow,pt,sent
rimachado@hotmail.com,rimachado,pt,sent
irvin_d05@hotmail.com,irvind,en,sent
joana1992_13@hotmail.com,Joana,pt,sent
digas_f.c.p@hotmail.com,digas77,pt,sent
Undertaker63@hotmail.com,Dark Soldier,pt,sent
hugopires18@hotmail.com,hugopires,pt,sent
andre_rola21@hotmail.com,rola21,pt,sent
joeldinis_14@hotmail.com,joel,pt,sent
jo_sds_girl@hotmail.com,dark_side,pt,sent
rcpoinho@yahoo.com,rcpoinho,en,sent
KFrancisco_mendes@hotmail.com,XikoMendes,pt,sent
jcarlosgraca@gmail.com,ZeDoEspaco,pt,sent
andre_69_atm@hotmail.com,ATM,pt,sent
parkersmith@sbcglobal.net,DBSuma,en,sent
jfilley@centurytel.net,Jeronus,en,sent
ronaldoronaldinho@live.com,andre94,en,sent
randyeast@att.net,Randy,en,sent
viniciuscruzeirao@bol.com.br,vt360,pt,sent
zachbragg@gmail.com,spikill,en,sent
luis_ratinho@hotmail.com,lapantino,pt,sent
suneca@live.com.pt,suneca,pt,sent
muchaluchabh@gmail.com,RevOltz,pt,sent
heliop99@gmail.com,heliop99,pt,sent
hugo.manteigas@gmail.com,manteigas,pt,sent
buzz5106@live.com,penguinperson,en,sent
bus53boy@hotmail.com,8882548,en,sent
colinafriends@zoomshare.com,skydude33,en,sent
petunys@yahoo.com.br,Hipolito,en,sent
bcor1@msn.com,onurb54,pt,sent
mat_garrett@hotmail.com,riader0,en,sent
romp_gator@hotmail.com,rotag,en,sent
seanlam518@hotmail.com,DarkAngel99,en,sent
ethodges3@gmail.com,Lucke,en,sent
tauskutis@gmail.com,bankrotas,en,sent
trax5@hotmail.com,Traxto,en,sent
exocide@hotmail.com,EXoCiDe,en,sent
sockerball4@yahoo.com,Burne,en,sent
torie@nothingfamous.ca,Nothing Famous,en,sent
justinleclair@hotmail.com,BadJuice420,en,sent
david.formoso@gmail.com,dakilled,pt,sent
stefan.ciobaca@gmail.com,stefanc,en,sent
Ricardo_Veras139@hotmail.com,Veras,pt,sent
jordy072003@yahoo.com,remy ,en,sent
pedro_ribeiro_93@hotmail.com,pedj,pt,sent
gmklan@gmail.com,leem0n,es
nicole_gira@hotmail.com,Pleione,en,sent
aznarchangelx@yahoo.com,quangnvo,en,sent
tavareshugo@yahoo.com,drinking around the space,pt,sent
paulo.rainho@gmail.com,Kingle,pt,sent
admin@wild-space.net,stryng,pt,sent
calvinxtc@yahoo.com,Kordah,en,sent
sardz_112@hotmail.com,sardz,pt,sent
diogo_hnc@hotmal.com,hnboy,pt,sent
nicejeff3@hotmail.com,Yigdane,en,sent
luis_canino@hotmail.com,luisgalhardas,pt,sent
brissos@hotmail.com,brissos1981,pt,sent
bonersan@rock.com,Boner,en,sent
marcio1985@hotmail.com,DarkM,pt,sent
telmoapmiranda@clix.pt,Telmir,pt,sent
diogomiguel0@hotmail.com,Piro_Blaster,pt,sent
jklima_1992@hotmail.com,lima_koka,pt,sent
puto_lacoste@hotmail.com,tiago25694,pt,sent
valter.franjul@pu.t-com.hr,conqueror,en,sent
traxto@gmail.com,Trax,es
biotopia13@gmail.com,navivanuva,en,sent
a-nocas@hotmail.com,nokas,pt,sent
punch_man@hotmail.com,zillius,pt,sent
jsyrenius@hotmail.com,Razakiel,en,sent
Redskinsfan3434@aol.com,Dude,en,sent
khei-san@hotmail.com,Khei,en,sent
bdanielsjr@hotmail.com,Grahf,en,sent
jonnychora@yahoo.com,jonnyred,pt,sent
pedro_comilao@hotmail.com,Joiaaa,pt,sent
Redskinsfan3434@gmail.com,Josh,en,sent
diegoiespes@hotmail.com,Diegostm,pt,sent
robertovalentim2@yahoo.com.br,Valentim,pt,sent
catedral_2000@yahoo.com,SHADOW_G,pt,sent
armadilo-shell@hotmail.com,armadillo,en,sent
j.e.e.andrade@sapo.pt,mamodo,pt,sent
Friday13thpart2@hotmail.com,Kopust_TM,en,sent
Wolverine.Logan@seznam.cz,Kurosaki,cs
whitlock118118@hotmail.co.uk,whitlock118118,en,sent
arloncardoso@hotmail.com,ar,pt,sent
carlos_bigboss@hotmail.com,Ifrite13,pt,sent
maxgrin@hotmail.com,nickpicks,en,sent
hansonm@lhd5.navy.mil,Gunnar_Zero,en,sent
jan_samuel_willoch@hotmail.com,Molvira,no
bertvanhaeke@hotmail.com,bertje123,nl
az_dark_ocean@yahoo.com,Dark Ocean,en,sent
barbedlotus@yahoo.com,BarbedLotus,en,sent
mrb628@yahoo.com,mrb628,en,sent
capone370@yahoo.com,capone1,en,sent
joris.hilhorst@gmail.com,joeblade,en,sent
DblEcks069@aol.com,EbonPhoenix,en,sent
ajfmnew@gmail.com,Kandar,pt,sent
yukirin.evilsin@gmail.com,Kerevan,ru
kuuhoapl@insightbb.com,Tasslhff,en,sent
angola.diego@hotmail.com,Diegofixe,pt,sent
nlsnls@hotmail.com,n31s0n,pt,sent
nac@yahoo.com,nasi,en,sent
aneramon@live.com.pt,2fast4u,pt,sent
serrano__18@hotmail.com,serrano18,pt,sent
davlima@hotmail.com,CoisaRuim69,pt,sent
davidikx@hotmail.com,davidikx,pt,sent
jovemtecnica@yahoo.com.br,TAURA,pt,sent
gameite@hotmail.com,Gamaman,pt,sent
joaomnneto@gmail.com,joaomnneto,pt,sent
andre_filipe_9999@hotmail.com,arochinha,pt,sent
lee_wardzy2005@hotmail.co.uk,Wardzy,en,sent
andre-miguel@hotmail.com,ST xpto,pt,sent
famr3@hotmail.com,famr,pt,sent
tm_pooliscool@yahoo.com,Seeme,en,sent
matjaz.salucid.pajk@gmail.com,Salucid,en,sent
holygigi@gmail.com,HolyGigi,en,sent
patpattsang@yahoo.com.hk,Rynage,en,sent
dani.exp708@gmail.com,danny360,en,sent
devil10master@hotmail.com,Oriol,pt,sent
henriquefazolo@hotmail.com,Henlo,pt,sent
tiago_m_r_a@hotmail.com,darktiger,pt,sent
fauneka_25@live.com.pt,fabuneka,pt,sent
rui_jl76@sapo.pt,pedras,pt,sent
hack98_@hotmail.com,sytes,sv
kyle.style@yahoo.com,Dyn Sol,en,sent
jim2981@hotmail.fr,jim,fr
Belgarison@hotmail.com,Belgarison,en,sent
smlayeh@hotmail.com,Samson,en,sent
nyxamore@yahoo.com,Dieuxe,en,sent
philip-yorae@hotmail.co.uk,Yorae,en,sent
vbegy2@freemail.hu,robinflow,hu
ferreira5352@sapo.pt,angel,pt,sent
funkeymonkey_2010@hotmail.com,Dr House,en,sent
bruno.we@hotmail.com,AvatarBruno,pt,sent
stercreft@hotmail.com,rasha,en,sent
upamia@live.com.pt,upamia,pt,sent
jflorido123@gmail.com,AlmaNegra,pt,sent
rafanoronha94@gmail.com,BKing,pt,sent
oldhero@aol.com,Garloz,en,sent
josech47@hotmail.com,Riprap,es
mutapcic_senaid@yahoo.com,im a killa98,en,sent
immel17@hotmail.com,Moadib,en,sent
ticy@cfl.rr.com,navaji,en,sent
nepaiva@gmail.com,nelsonrocha,pt,sent
joao.cmv@gmail.com,Gargula,pt,sent
maikontrax@gmail.com,maiconXD,pt,sent
jaime_adriano_18@hotmail.com,jaimezito,pt,sent
b.o_lima@yahoo.com.br,brn18,pt,sent
ericthegloomy@wp.pl,EricTheGloomy,en,sent
pussnuts0987@yahoo.com,cliffclaven,en,sent
tomb.07@gmail.com,tomb,en,sent
yellowsaw@msn.com,Valan Irving,en,sent
diogo_soares1@hotmail.com,moitense,pt,sent
vultur3@hotmail.com,DiM pr0l3ck,pt,sent
obteam-eta@pdmfc.com,PDM Eta,pt,sent
lopo_barriga@sapo.pt,Don Kaiser Soze,pt,sent
austinator_202@hotmail.com,Mtbkid,en,sent
rachnbg@yahoo.com,rach21,en,sent
obteam-zeta@pdmfc.com,PDM Zeta,pt,sent
sfdx_calc@hotmail.com,White Lord,es
daeronx@gmail.com,Daeron,en,sent
mc_westlake@yahoo.com,Soodyfoody,en,sent
andrefm96@hotmail.com,ace_andre,pt,sent
riky_boy_1@hotmail.com,Choker,pt,sent
pdfr@iol.pt,Insoniado,pt,sent
vitorfaria69@hotmail.com,ecos,pt,sent
Ezrah@DSLExtreme.com,Ezrah,en,sent
craizymonk@hotmail.com,Thundercat,pt,sent
willen_gato@hotmail.com,brand,pt,sent
zeluislopes@hotmail.com,ST zeluis,pt,sent
supertekkie@hotmail.com,Fat Mogul,en,sent
straca369@gmail.com,Thrash Abaddon,en,sent
jcc_21@hotmail.com,RiseAgainst,pt,sent
simon.wainwright@gmail.com,MadMilo,en,sent
duarte_irish@sapo.pt,Duarte,pt,sent
wagnerglemos@terra.com.br,felipe doidam,pt,sent
dega_david123@hotmail.com,Blayd,pt,sent
obteam-theta@pdmfc.com,PDM Theta,pt,sent
arty09rs@lycos.com,arty09,en,sent
obteam-iota@pdmfc.com,PDM Iota,pt,sent
zera@neobee.net,ripja,en,sent
ricard-1996@hotmail.com,dragon,pt,sent
master_berna@hotmail.com,bernax,pt,sent
obteam-beta@pdmfc.com,PDM Beta,pt,sent
draganito@gmail.com,draganito,pt,sent
mygame@sapo.pt,skyISlimit,pt,sent
jrome@email.unc.edu,romeorun,en,sent
black_fox9653@hotmail.com,BlackFox9653,en,sent
onidad_bel@hotmail.com,zorio,pt,sent
anders.krarup@tbwa.dk,andkrup,en,sent
gigiomen_1@hotmail.com,topo,pt,sent
guilherme_c_s18@hotmail.com,gui3000,pt,sent
florian_dormaels@hotmail.com,Beaconhamm,nl
danielsantos5589@hotmail.com,danielsantos5589,pt,sent
nexus_core90@yahoo.com,Vertex,en,sent
Malachi307@aol.com,fantabulate,en,sent
ralphedward.cadiz@yahoo.com,kingmares,en,sent
danieleduardomota@iol.pt,motapiu,pt,sent
luis-delfino@clix.pt,ST Tag,pt,sent
tigre_branco@megamail.pt,Taker_89,pt,sent
jorgemelchiors@ibest.com.br,jasmsaj,pt,sent
obteam-alpha@pdmfc.com,PDM Alpha,pt,sent
valter.costa@gmail.com,DonChiburi,en,sent
Lama_xam69@hotmail.com,MaRRokaS,pt,sent
jeffery.legere@us.army.mil,OffBeat,en,sent
rafaelc82.costa@gmail.com,Rafa822,pt,sent
luis_miguel_74_@hotmail.com,liquidsnake,pt,sent
pauloalexandrec2@gmail.com,Neo,pt,sent
rtoloi@hotmail.com,Buzz Mac Dust,pt,sent
magicfm@sapo.pt,masterix,pt,sent
dompolit@hotmail.com,dojar,en,sent
obteam-delta@pdmfc.com,PDM Delta,pt,sent
Romy46@azet.sk,Romy46,sk
danielcrosara@gmail.com,NaAtiva,pt,sent
pedrop_696@hotmail.com,666_Lucifer_666,pt,sent
Pauloalexandrec2@gmail.com,NeoPT,pt,sent
yaszko@gmail.com,yaszko,pl
A_Pock14@hotmail.com,APock,en,sent
deivissonv@hotmail.com,vizann,pt,sent
spartanchris117@yahoo.com,RogueAvatar,en,sent
serestar85@yahoo.com,Dracon,de
akym_203@hotmail.com,akym,pt,sent
operacionall@hotmail.com,TRUTA,pt,sent
tailgunner51@comcast.net,Terrqua,en,sent
andre.r.lopes@iol.pt,Bioknight,pt,sent
andre.hideo@terra.com.br,greon,pt,sent
tiagotwinkie@bol.com.br,Tiago 022,pt,sent
mickas_tx@hotmail.com,myfirstname,pt,sent
ludovic.lopes@gmail.com,lulopes,pt,sent
poisne@hotmail.com,Po1sN3,pt,sent
gnsmax@hotmail.com,Diutsu,pt,sent
jbnf@seznam.cz,Proton,cs
nuno_guardaredes@hotmail.com,nunomaster,pt,sent
dmlpat@gmail.com,dmlpat,en,sent
sonim15@hotmail.com,Sonim,pt,sent
Raziel2008@gmail.com,Tachikoma,en,sent
ishays2@gmail.com,Mordered,en,sent
lunex@arcor.de,lunex,en,sent
kyle_hayden987123@yahoo.com,AllThatRemainsX,en,sent
pedrosacchetti@sapo.pt,sakns,pt,sent
dj_lsb@hotmail.com,djlsb,pt,sent
vitoreduardo_4@hotmail.com,Punn,pt,sent
cr1st1an0_12@hotmail.com,Madman,pt,sent
tieticopetti@yahoo.com.br,tieti,pt,sent
fcpcamp@hotmail.com,Makabel,pt,sent
delafiend@yahoo.com,DelaFiend,en,sent
car_sil84@yahoo.com.br,carsil,pt,sent
soup_of_kings@yahoo.com,Brad Soup,en,sent
leonel.canuto@gmail.com,TechyKlu,pt,sent
jand@dragnet.com.au,Lift,en,sent
paulo.gomes@crpg.pt,PiXula,pt,sent
alexviseu@gmail.com,hideway,pt,sent
davidblkx@gmail.com,ST bulakaxa,pt,sent
sammik_f@hotmail.com,sammm,pt,sent
samuri0600@yahoo.com,Mystic,en,sent
rafaelborges93@hotmail.com,Mataranho,pt,sent
wyrdnexus@yahoo.com,WyrdNexus,en,sent
Andre_sky_69@hotmail.com,Andre_sky,pt,sent
plfridley@wm.edu,Boreas,en,sent
leoins.adm@gmail.com,leoins,pt,sent
edward_maxedon@hotmail.com,Legendarius,en,sent
mvijatovic@sbb.co.yu,Azog,en,sent
dc2194@gmail.com,AznLegacy,en,sent
marciomenezes_cb@hotmail.com,Darkfire,pt,sent
samuelteixeiras@gmail.com,espectro negro,pt,sent
k9z56t@gmail.com,nakama,en,sent
THYAGO.LUIZ@YAHOO.COM.BR,THYAGO,pt,sent
quicksilvet@hotmail.com,enforcer,en,sent
tucker.dow@foxcroftacademy.org,Tucker,en,sent
madsonrn-asd@hotmail.com,Fel0z,en,sent
joaoandrade0020@hotmail.com,deaps,pt,sent
bulakaxa@gmail.com,Smoke,pt,sent
draib.hplar@gmail.com,rwycc,en,sent
chico_pestana_13@hotmail.com,chico13,pt,sent
nnsat@clix.pt,ZEUSSAT,pt,sent
diogost151@hotmail.com,AIR _DK_,pt,sent
vieirinha1988@gmail.com,vieirinha,pt,sent
pinball_elf@yahoo.gr,pinball,en,sent
v.alex_kaparica@hotmail.com,Driverd,pt,sent
tiagorsc@iol.pt,miriath,pt,sent
obteam-epsilon@pdmfc.com,PDM Epsilon,pt,sent
craig@earthlink.com,jakesteel410,en,sent
obteam-gama@pdmfc.com,PDM Gama,pt,sent
leticiaferreira_12@hotmail.com,lety,pt,sent
kbt@hotmail.pt,kbt,pt,sent
dthstrk9@msn.com,Vairse,en,sent
barrososeguros@gmail.com,barroso,pt,sent
diegos.monteiro@terra.com.br,Dexter,pt,sent
blarghemoth@hotmail.com,Behemoth,en,sent
stripos11@seznam.cz,stripos,cs
pyrojay1986@yahoo.com,CaptDavidJay,en,sent
vit.cp@hotmail.com,vitor,pt,sent
dstrope@woh.rr.com,Dan,en,sent
gandalf2723@yahoo.com,Nuada,en,sent
darth.barak@gmail.com,coasterkid,en,sent
salsicha_mediocre@hotmail.com,Salsicha,pt,sent
andfilsoupin@hotmail.com,A250,pt,sent
rpjenner@cox.net,Rithy,en,sent
pharoahcraze487@hotmail.co.uk,Destructor of Planets,en,sent
linhares.carlos@gmail.com,DoctorX,pt,sent
svcgames@yahoo.com.hk,coconut,en,sent
strajker_s@hotmail.com,Strajker,en,sent
enkain@int.lt,EnKain,en,sent
tyytikki@yahoo.com,TyyTikki,en,sent
kickflip5@hotmail.com,kickflip,pt,sent
naruto_xz@hotmail.com,narutox,pt,sent
Claud1234master1@gmail.com,Luthion,en,sent
nuno_correia@live.com.pt,Benedict,pt,sent
miminhos_26@hotmail.com,bandit,pt,sent
hadi17@yahoo.com,ghi,en,sent
pinkhyenas@hotmail.com,pinkhyenas,en,sent
estilo.pro@hotmail.com,vairo,es
sonlyn3@sbcglobal.net,richman1114,en,sent
generalgrievous@hotmail.co.uk,Pluto,pt,sent
sabaku-no-gaara@bol.com.br,Kozaky,pt,sent
proffalexx@hotmail.com,kriztu,pt,sent
alhiados@hotmail.com,God of War,pt,sent
rock4ever212004@yahoo.com,katanarocker,en,sent
jthikst@hotmail.com,jwt,en,sent
hugo.bento@cm-barreiro.pt,Wolf,pt,sent
jhonathan_cesar@hotmail.com,jhonjhon,pt,sent
rui_filipe_vieira@hotmail.com,Black Soul,pt,sent
xp_omega@hotmail.com,Zeto,en,sent
xxmdcxx007@aol.com,Tenooblet,en,sent
slb_203@hotmail.com,sbirn,pt,sent
jeepnixon92@yahoo.com,Ster,en,sent
danny.ct@hotmail.com,Bofiak,pt,sent
nuada2723@yahoo.com,Nuada,en,sent
vparrilha@hotmail.com,Parrilha,pt,sent
bknliem@yahoo.com,bennylin,en,sent
fariax@gmail.com,ST Farux,pt,sent
muonline_4ever@msn.com,Lacost,pt,sent
leoalexcosta@hotmail.com,leo13,pt,sent
sane_ozzy@hotmail.com,Ozman,en,sent
imperador_antnio@hotmail.com,Imperador_Antnio,pt,sent
ines.filipe@gmail.com,Mata Hari,pt,sent
eduardo_barrocoo@hotmail.com,edu52,pt,sent
pilotxxl@netcabo.pt,Xerox,pt,sent
zedeco2010@hotmail.com,zericardo,pt,sent
badgirlpatry@gmail.com,Dark Side of The Moon,pt,sent
dvveloso@hotmail.com,DaniloS,pt,sent
pidgeonmaster@hotmail.co.uk,madaxemat,en,sent
don.mckinney@gmail.com,donm61873,en,sent
jonathan-c-g@hotmail.com,vasco17,pt,sent
dkbay_@hotmail.com,DDKaulitz,da
gbjazzman@gmail.com,gbjazzman,en,sent
demian.ismar@tiscali.nl,LighTSparkZ,en,sent
wuzzupie2000@yahoo.com,Sanjoro,en,sent
aokejiang@hotmail.com,Irmekroache,en,sent
oken_vip@msn.com,oken,pt,sent
biggdoggjosh@aol.com,josh,en,sent
joao.pedro.franco@netcabo.pt,Shogun,pt,sent
jermeleu@yahoo.com,TROUBLE,en,sent
pinchloaf@hotmail.com,SnachWizard,en,sent
naruto_rinder@hotmail.com,kyoshi,pt,sent
server_of_hades@hotmail.com,at god,pt,sent
coimbra.j@gmail.com,Ze To,en,sent
spac3rat@gmail.com,Spac3Rat,en,sent
skincobra@hotmail.com,skincobra,pt,sent
tenorsaxmishee@yahoo.com,tenorsaxmishee,en,sent
sev__100@hotmail.com,besiktas01,tr
dayslance@yahoo.com,daysls,en,sent
perasaigle@hotmail.com,peras,pt,sent
ciaonunes@yahoo.com,shadow,en,sent
carnellc@iams.islington.sch.uk,Holy Pwnage,en,sent
dragons_paradise01@hotmail.com,dragons_paradise,en,sent
zg_94@yahop.com,z g,en,sent
henriqueaguadoce@hotmail.com,malheta,pt,sent
gerson.fake@hotmail.com,lokovive,pt,sent
maucaymaucay@aim.com,LinkinNaruto,en,sent
gamerzedge@gmail.com,Fearsin,en,sent
shadowranger19@yahoo.com,thrawn,en,sent
iamroar@gmail.com,Roar,en,sent
tomerfle@hotmail.com,Brimstone,en,sent
widgets@rcn.com,Teal,en,sent
tinoetina@yahoo.com,Tino the Kid,pt,sent
ricardosilva_03@hotmail.com,RS77,pt,sent
burningceo@yahoo.com,burningceo,en,sent
chronoslider@hotmail.com,Mizuki,en,sent
dllviegas@gmail.com,bolinhos,pt,sent
Casperthekilluh@aol.com,Great White Ghost,en,sent
slipknot_marcelo@hotmail1.com,marcelo_25,pt,sent
rikyframos@hotmail.com,Kkenti,pt,sent
blackhatstranger@yahoo.com,Allister Sevoria,en,sent
andreeducarvalho@hotmail.com,Androx,pt,sent
lgidon@gmail.com,gidl,en,sent
adamdundas@hotmail.com,Overscore,en,sent
lobaoslipknot@hotmail.com,555666,pt,sent
wesley_migoto@ig.com.br,likin,pt,sent
pedro_valente_@hotmail.com,Sleip,en,sent
lochesis@hotmail.com,jsereno,pt,sent
kelvin999rime@hotmail.com,HIde2,en,sent
jacob1994@hotmail.co.uk,Jacobay,en,sent
ant36@nurfuerspam.net,Paperclip,en,sent
jpsp5b@sapo.pt,sapce93,pt,sent
j.psousa@hotmail.com,jp88,pt,sent
jorgeh_70@hotmail.com,Jorgeh,pt,sent
d_silva_91@hotmail.com,DRSilva,pt,sent
troia_barton@msn.com,Kanchino,en,sent
yutangs@yahoo.com.au,Gibblewank,en,sent
filipecanico@hotmail.com,electron,pt,sent
angstmachine@gmail.com,angstmachine,en,sent
gamefreak772004@yahoo.com,kider,en,sent
sethhavner@aol.com,CrimSinMyst,en,sent
mj_sanina@hotmail.com,Princess Mononoke,pt,sent
os_mais_lokos@hotmail.com,playsson,pt,sent
joao_carlos_65@hotmail.com,arrebentote todo,pt,sent
umpfire69@yahoo.com,UmpFire,en,sent
nelson.hg.moreira@gmail.com,HG,pt,sent
quinho_57@hotmail.com,marcos147,en,sent
didiei.lima@terra.com.br,scrynzn,pt,sent
ecelsoeliot@yahoo.com.br,vlado,en,sent
royce_keren@yahoo.co.id,royce_santo,en,sent
ajmarocos@hotmail.com,PT   agostsantos,pt,sent
marcos_b_1995@hotmail.comk,folgado!!,en,sent
samuray_berker@hotmail.com,cindewil,tr
andenmastah@yahoo.com,Gelado,en,sent
miguelxilva@hotmail.com,miguelxilva,pt,sent
metal.gojeta@gmail.com,MetalSora,pt,sent
aidmaster@hotmail.com,Aidmar,pt,sent
marcos_b_1995@hotmail.com,folgado!!,en,sent
gustavinholuz14@yahoo.com.br,gustavo10,pt,sent
th4ph4trul3r@hotmail.com,Lorpan,sv
anarchy-az@hotmail.com,Dytar,en,sent
ynnekuk@yahoo.co.uk,Bings,en,sent
email11179476@kinglibrary.net,mike,en,sent
NunoDeco_10@hotmail.com,NunoDeco,pt,sent
the.false.idol@gmail.com,vista,en,sent
rui_filipe@hotmail.com,ruifac,pt,sent
xatuu@iol.pt,Mancha,pt,sent
tiagocerdeira@hotmail.com,Gebraunt,pt,sent
bdonohue@dykema.com,Caedus,en,sent
hugo@outsyder.net,DraKeFR,pt,sent
Startrek2500@hotmail.com,ArcAngel,en,sent
wolfey6@msn.com,Oracle,en,sent
cringanu_george@yahoo.com,Conscript,en,sent
fernandomorte@gmail.com,fernandovolei08,pt,sent
luximperator@gmail.com,Deus Vult,pt,sent
ilkertaysi@hotmail.com,demerzel111,en,sent
joao_gomes92@hotmail.com,Vesk,pt,sent
adamc@mediaco-op.org,Mamour Burleg,en,sent
Lucas_carvalhaes@hotmail.com,LMC KILLER C99,pt,sent
bdani@sapo.pt,BDani,pt,sent
jaldr_gabril@hotmai.com,gabriel gostozim,pt,sent
wolfshadows2001@hotmail.com,Annwym,pt,sent
lsouza123@hotmail.com,BenJe,pt,sent
fjbg85@hotmail.com,Demon,pt,sent
gamefreakjesse@yahoo.com,gamefreakjack,en,sent
mads_pettersen@hotmail.com,screamerx,nb
gabrieljosemoco@gmail.com,gabrielhitman,pt,sent
pedrommarcelino@gmail.com,marcelino,pt,sent
lap33733@gmail.com,lap33733,pt,sent
nuno_020@hotmail.com,NuNooo,pt,sent
p_c047@sapo.pt,Rhapsody,pt,sent
rygosywa@gmail.com,BassOmen,es
andre.2a@ig.com.com,Patton,pt,sent
arthurp7@hotmail.com,art10,pt,sent
joaoalmeida@ua.pt,0djoe,pt,sent
andre.2a@ig.com.br,patton,pt,sent
calvin490@hotmail.com,chaoscalvin,en,sent
Jeremy4904@yahoo.com.hk,Rockman X,en,sent
powered17@hotmail.com,apocalipse,pt,sent
jhc1983@gmail.com,MightyaOak,en,sent
gusta_gomes94@hotmail.com,Dad_man,pt,sent
aleixo_112@sapo.pt,godsmack,pt,sent
filipe.95@sapo.pt,Saiken,pt,sent
obexeno@hotmail.com,DTK,pt,sent
m_h_pm@hotmail.com,griffe,pt,sent
coyoteladron@hotmail.com,cobhateme,pt,sent
jan1paul1@hotmail.com,Janpaul,en,sent
assobio@zi-yu.com,Assobio,en,sent
amiguel333@gmail.com,oxxi,pt,sent
slipknot_marcelo1@hotmail.com,joy jordison,pt,sent
grapejuiceBarrel@hotmail.com,HitTooSoft,en,sent
sergio.morgado@hotmail.com,sergio,pt,sent
zee_munkeh@hotmail.com,Tachytelic,en,sent
max-lima@bol.com.br,periperi,pt,sent
hugo.vaz@setlevel.pt,Scrapper,pt,sent
hewkii@gmail.com,Hewkii,en,sent
miguelarcanjo18@gmail.com,miguelarcanjo18,pt,sent
jonas8@gmail.com,Mr.Jonax,pt,sent
claudioediogo@hotmail.com,Nomak_8,pt,sent
brenno740@hotmail.com,space,pt,sent
olexmal@portugalmail.pt,Docent,pt,sent
sharktiago@gmail.com,SharkTuga,pt,sent
overmindz@hotmail.com,OvermindZ,en,sent
scorpionxxx14@hotmail.com,ScorpionX,en,sent
pedro_simoes_se@hotmail.com,del_simoes,pt,sent
larryindia@hotmail.com,larrythomas,en,sent
mario@marioleite.com,starsman,pt,sent
rikardo.ags@gmail.com,Rykardw,pt,sent
gaspar_sergio@hotmail.com,TAiLS,pt,sent
daniel.secco@hotmail.com,REVCO,pt,sent
k_ri_pto@hotmail.com,Raydi,pt,sent
abraaomoreno-16@hotmail.com,abraao,pt,sent
demolidor_xray@hotmail.com,Spike,pt,sent
farcasfarse@yahoo.com,farse,en,sent
leandro.leitoso@hotmail.com,leandro,pt,sent
ivo_miguel_75@hotmail.com,killer,pt,sent
migas_mail@hotmail.com,phodt,pt,sent
tiagobarros_as@msn.com,TBarros,en,sent
zen@zen.pt,Zen Master,en,sent
riky_riby@hotmail.com,riky_riby,pt,sent
tarlanmalta@yahoo.com.br,tarlan,pt,sent
goncalo_h_10@hotmail.com,minimus,pt,sent
colorista26@hotmail.com,vcolor,pt,sent
lop_fabio@hotmail.com,btzar,pt,sent
leandrodeolive@bol.com.br,leandrodeolive,pt,sent
Killiri-Kreg@sapo.pt,Saito,pt,sent
stankovic.branko@gmail.com,mari333,en,sent
brunotw40@yahoo.com,islaick3,pt,sent
zadakh@gmail.com,Hewkii,es
filipefernandes.pt@gmail.com,makak0,en,sent
v.scp@hotmail.com,scp,pt,sent
azrash@abv.bg,Azrael,en,sent
farse_theboy@yahoo.com,farse,en,sent
wolfgang_535@msn.com,Anarchy,en,sent
aewyre.thoryn@hotmail.com,Aewyre,pt,sent
sylar93@hotmail.com,sylar,pt,sent
supermj91@hotmail.com,flomj,en,sent
elikzeus@comcast.net,jonjonea,en,sent
goesdiogo01@hotmail.com,goes,pt,sent
ricardo.um@gmail.com,tyryan,pt,sent
mike.munsil@gmail.com,jmichael,en,sent
DenurWoe@gmail.com,Dravel,en,sent
Scyzoryk2006@yahoo.com,Fruziek,en,sent
cheonglim91@gmail.com,fatpiglet,en,sent
gbcabral@gmail.com,floWS,pt,sent
teruel.f@terra.com.br,Oby Kenob,pt,sent
horney_jake@hotmail.co.uk,jake12345,en,sent
tiagomaster1124@hotmail.com,masterarago1,pt,sent
pmsmpp@gmail.com,mamutknight,en,sent
scorpion_pu@hotmail.com,scorpion_pu,pt,sent
supergojeta16@msn.com,tiagosd,pt,sent
ezy80@hotmail.com,threeza,en,sent
mosquito96@ig.com.br,pelle,pt,sent
firefox@orion.orion,Firefox,en,sent
branwlms@hotmal.com,bob200200,en,sent
branwlms@hotmail.com,bob100100,en,sent
miguanjos@hotmail.com,Lord Dark,pt,sent
theworsedd@yahoo.com.br,Bloody,pt,sent
mourato.mendes@clix.pt,Fearer,pt,sent
gwapuboy@hotmail.com,kardon,en,sent
zutano99@hotmail.com,xanadude,en,sent
fg.nascimento@terra.com.br,jucanights,pt,sent
m8cruz@hotmail.com,m8cruz,en,sent
nethomas10@hotmail.com,tomicida,pt,sent
gustavoteixeiragomes@gmail.com,Don Guvux,pt,sent
grimmidget@yahoo.co.uk,saldyn,en,sent
Rafamacieira111@hotmail.com,charutos,pt,sent
delucca.fernando@gmail.com,deluccavrb,pt,sent
dioguitos1@hotmail.com,dioguitos1,pt,sent
mad_ciusy@yahoo.com,Ciusy,en,sent
henrique_fo@hotmail.com,fouto,pt,sent
p1costa@hotmail.com,webhead,pt,sent
caco.kako@hotmail.com,Dar Mander,pt,sent
dnut_00@mail.ru,ZenMaster,en,sent
rkj@go2.pl,mrstone,en,sent
30.andre@gmail.com,andre.50,pt,sent
xandre_coelho@hotmail.com,Xandre,pt,sent
henry.nhk@gmail.com,hikikomori,pt,sent
filip2007@gmail.com,Filip,en,sent
charonfaust@gmail.com,Charon_Faust,en,sent
fernandoturatti@hotmail.com,turatti,pt,sent
euricodrr@gmail.com,jackspain,pt,sent
oscar.a.puga@telecom.pt,pugaoscar,pt,sent
solano@netmadeira.com,VICIUS,pt,sent
Rafamacieira112@hotmail.com,charrox,pt,sent
carlos.d.p.f@hotamil.com,golden,pt,sent
miguelsilvaantunes@hotmail.com,Miguel_95,pt,sent
carmennrevez@clix.pt,fuinha,pt,sent
james_4242@rediffmail.com,james,en,sent
epbaseballplayer@yahoo.com,bobis1000,en,sent
hannmelon@gmail.com,masterdark666,pt,sent
afonsodomingos_1@hotmail.com,varetal,pt,sent
ovelhacp2@gmail.com,Curumo,pt,sent
andre_r10_@hotmail.com,Dredevil,pt,sent
mendocarl12@aol.com,cmanngmx100,en,sent
pinguinenlatado@hotmail.com,Legendkilla7,pt,sent
el.dino@gmail.com,el_dino,en,sent
lcsparente@hotmail.com,luisaso,pt,sent
hammeroftheemperor@hotmail.com,ImperialFist,en,sent
deathchain@net.hr,st1llborn,en,sent
rubyredbubblegum@hotmail.com,ninjamatt,en,sent
ornelas.dario@gmail.com,krat,en,sent
andre2420@hotmail.com,xPo,pt,sent
silva.robina@gmail.com,kpecter,pt,sent
joao_klick_here@hotmail.com,jomarkes,pt,sent
HugoFlores28@hotmail.com,Blade,pt,sent
nuno_eca@hotmail.com,tonyeca,pt,sent
thedeathhammer@yahoo.com,The Deathhammer,en,sent
let_it_bleed_@hotmail.com,Grimloc,en,sent
Vasco_Desolation@hotmail.com,Desolation,pt,sent
usmc_mike@sbcglobal.net,kotor192,en,sent
labarabba@yahoo.co.id,paul,en,sent
sac_pedro@hotmail.com,Tauran,en,sent
rusito2000@hotmail.com,mamacora,es
danierk@bol.com.br,kinho22,pt,sent
flavioseara@gmail.com,see no evil,pt,sent
gustavseymore@gmail.com,boygussey,en,sent
scambray.m@mellon.com,Kparz,en,sent
alexstefan.stanciu@gmail.com,sas,en,sent
shaunkrisher@gmail.com,shaunk,en,sent
mamossauro@hotmail.com,Maginbruno,pt,sent
studentvz@gmail.com,studentvz,en,sent
emily7699@mintemail.uni.cc,bythos,en,sent
renegadospain@gmail.com,Karandras,es
takeo@netcabo.pt,AIR Takeo,pt,sent
agpinto2@gmail.com, Sir Alvarito,pt,sent
adrianosubzero@hotmail.com,saldanhaz,pt,sent
www.gamkeys@yahoo.com,gamekeys,en,sent
gafrancisco@gmail.com,gafrancisco,pt,sent
alistair@doolwind.com,Doolwind,en,sent
askfortheanswer@gmail.com,pezrojo,es
gabriel_gerhardt@hotmail.com,Gafs,pt,sent
samuel_j_cross@tiscali.co.uk,fredpe,en,sent
mauro_1@clix.pt,mauro_1,pt,sent
sokolaad45@hot.com,Janza,en,sent
luckybastard888@yahoo.com,lord arc,en,sent
catia_serafim@hotmail.com,aSinner,pt,sent
weirdalwashere@yahoo.com,weirdalwashere,en,sent
nmb@beactive.pt,Nuno,en,sent
00adneves00@gmail.com,Luxor,pt,sent
diamondshade0@hotmail.com,Diamondshade0,fr
rodrigo.ribeiro@zmail.pt,Duracell,pt,sent
povkh@hotmail.com,iv1n,pt,sent
wozzlejennings@hotmail.com,wozzle,en,sent
daniel345@hotmail.com,kimera,pt,sent
neves.tomar@hotmail.pt,roby3,en,sent
plastickmen@hotmail.com,plastickmen,pt,sent
v.pereira@hotmail.com,tuguinha,pt,sent
opheliapt@gmail.com,Ophelia,pt,sent
rfjricardo@iol.pt,Astro,pt,sent
hernyboss@hotmail.com,ST.Imp.HernyBoss,pt,sent
balexP@aol.com,verde,en,sent
rui.estevao@gmail.com,restevao,pt,sent
seanedgar92@hotmail.co.uk,Coursair,en,sent
adesivoecia@hotmail.com,jeferson,pt,sent
tucker04426@yahoo.com,DaTucka,en,sent
binhoest@hotmail.com,binhoest,pt,sent
dannytheskill@hotmail.com,DannyJ,en,sent
rachinchuan@gmail.com,Polloo,pt,sent
lusoconhada@hotmail.com,Conhada,pt,sent
melanie_lourenco@hotmail.com,jovens,pt,sent
david_francisco12@hotmail.com,cherne,pt,sent
diogo.neves@gmail.com,KosmiCKhaoz,pt,sent
rui.pedro.ferraz@hotmail.com,BloodRequiem,pt,sent
Tay97@comcast.net,Tayorono,en,sent
fabuneka_25@live.com.pt,fabuneka,pt,sent
ee03200@fe.up.pt,PhantomTiger,pt,sent
herminioprodrigues@gmail.com,madmax9,pt,sent
sampaio_pda@hotmail.com,quinny,pt,sent
ruigaio57645764@hotmail.com,rgaio,pt,sent
bernas007@sapo.pt,Bernas7,pt,sent
sachke_pro@hotmail.com,sachke,en,sent
zoio02@hotmail.com,bboydeh,pt,sent
joao_andre_almeida@hotmail.com,almeida 95,pt,sent
curtis_wright1@hotmail.com,curtis360,en,sent
higeltronik_dj@hotmail.com,higeltronik,pt,sent
sopaescola@hotmail.com,Arcanis,pt,sent
yesiam@hotmail.it,Nabo,it
marcusknights@msn.com,knightsy,en,sent
macuyiko@gmail.com,Macuyiko,en,sent
charles150@gmail.com,endorphine,en,sent
FrankHopper@gmail.com,Egraldar,en,sent
roberto.gomes.sts@gmail.com,spec,pt,sent
alfredopinamaced@hotmail.com,alfredo,pt,sent
t.rengo@hotmail.com,Norium,pt,sent
taironeangelis@hotmail.com,TAIRONE,pt,sent
jalexmach@gmail.com,Ze_Katita,pt,sent
darkllan@yahoo.com.br,Allan0411,pt,sent
kingofkongz@gmail.com,kingofkongz,en,sent
jsmederos@gmail.com,Superperas,pt,sent
LodoKreshno@Gmail.Com,LodoKreshno,en,sent
krysiasuchanek3@seznam.cz,dumin,cs
ampinho99@gmail.com,ampinho,pt,sent
oriondarkwood@gmail.com,oriondarkwood,en,sent
vhrabri@hotmail.com,Monster_King,en,sent
matasap2000@yahoo.com,Val Por,en,sent
cavsbdnfmg@hotmail.com,mathemunm,pt,sent
marcus_gameboy@hotmail.com,xlrmarcus,pt,sent
bvc_8@hotmail.com,r3ap3r,pt,sent
mini-man14@hotmail.com,ST_jayblkx,pt,sent
diogoRAGEE@gmail.com,RAGEE,pt,sent
fernandosanes@gmail.com,OptiMusPrime,pt,sent
wendellcien@gmail.com,thejesus,pt,sent
tag3ster@gmail.com,angoti,pt,sent
alvim@clix.pt,Alvim,pt,sent
ex_of_dark@hotmail.com,spartarn,en,sent
bobrobetso@yahoo.com,xenomalice,en,sent
whitmint@msn.com,whitmint,en,sent
cnmarques@gmail.com,Uerk,en,sent
Knight_Watcher@hotmail.com,coki,pt,sent
ktei.det@gmail.com,Knif TRE,pt,sent
Guga_wa@hotmail.com,guga_wa,pt,sent
girish_ihmhyderabad@yahoo.com,gir,en,sent
rub-costa@hotmail.com,costinha16,pt,sent
mbrasil@onda.com.br,mbrasil68,pt,sent
elmig@netcabo.pt,reaktor,en,sent
branquinhosilva@gmail.com,BlackPhantom,pt,sent
residente_evil_13@hotmail.com,david,pt,sent
teteu1costa@hotmail.com,alencosta,pt,sent
pedro.moto4@iol.pt,neoman,pt,sent
leehsiang@gmail.com,AP,en,sent
mgm@nb.sympatico.ca,Gazalli,en,sent
teus_gerente@hotmail.com,teusmas,pt,sent
neogenesisx@gmail.com,NeoGenesisX,en,sent
asnocas@hotmail.com,Nokitas,pt,sent
IvoBrito@sapo.pt,Ultra Ice,pt,sent
dominiksuchanek@seznam.cz,dumin,cs
piercing_89_@hotmail.com,.m.d,pt,sent
herbadiga1@hotmail.com,Don Msi pc,pt,sent
marco.joel@gmail.com,mArKo,pt,sent
totals@sapo.pt,prototiko,pt,sent
charliedav@aol.com,IcabodCrane,en,sent
tesselation@hotmail.com,Tesselation,en,sent
ocmongimme@hotmail.co.uk,OrangeMunky,en,sent
guiatanes@uol.com.br,mongedor,pt,sent
franciscosilva_kik@hotmail.com,Zedtech,pt,sent
hugoramalhete@msn.com,_STRAT_,pt,sent
poet_aster@hotmail.com,AdMan,en,sent
hdct_@hotmail.com,hdct,pt,sent
mavinlark@gmail.com,Nocere,en,sent
kakashi_290@hotmail.com,hennet,pt,sent
o74v10@yahoo.com.br,otavioserafa,pt,sent
hdperez2005@yahoo.com.ar,hdperez,pt,sent
alvaruh69@hotmail.com,solddier,pt,sent
jinx_u_19@yahoo.com,Jinx,en,sent
gimbalamba@gmail.com,Darkshadow,pt,sent
kikocamp@hotmail.com,h2o,pt,sent
Joel_Regufe@hotmail.com,Regufe,pt,sent
leonardo_snake_@hotmail.com,leonardo_silva,pt,sent
brillus@tiscali.it,Brillus,en,sent
jessikapojo@hotmil.com,jessika,pt,sent
hugofilipesa@sapo.pt,Vorhees,pt,sent
goh@abv.bg,gohh,en,sent
o_dio_12@hotmail.com,Liu Kang,pt,sent
sithlord12121@comcast.net,sithlord12121,en,sent
kungfukid1010@yahoo.com,Yon,en,sent
yves@shiga-htd.com,ysc,pt,sent
maria_guedes5@hotmail.com,angel5,pt,sent
aapofrs@gmail.com,AaPoF,pt,sent
diego_23.09@hotmail.com,diego,pt,sent
carlosheitorrolim@yahoo.com.br,mergulhador,pt,sent
gabriel_wi12@yahoo.com.br,DimmyTufi,pt,sent
Jonny_net@netcabo.pt,Jonny007,pt,sent
trevor.jones@serco.com,Argroww,en,sent
lucianon_s2@hotmail.com,pretoloko,pt,sent
jmpena1975@yahoo.com.ar,vairo,es
latoza2006@yahoo.com,Vipe,en,sent
telekondva@gmail.com,???????,pt,sent
samparras@yahoo.com.br,samparras,pt,sent
rodrigostgoncalves@gmail.com,flecha0310,pt,sent
minier81@aol.com,The HoneyBadger,en,sent
culexus_25@hotmail.com,Muzgash,en,sent
demonicminstrel@gmail.com,demonicminstrel,pt,sent
tms_almeidah@hotmail.com,tomasalmeida,pt,sent
paimell77@hotmail.com,paimell,pt,sent
kymi_lee@yahoo.com.br,Kayani,pt,sent
truer666@hotmail.com,truer,pt,sent
maxdevil@sapo.pt,MaxDevil,pt,sent
bernax_5@hotmail.com,Bernax,en,sent
jtfee@yahoo.com,Kdiilel,en,sent
ritasalmeida@gmail.com,ritinha81,pt,sent
marijana.ivsac@zaba.hr,RAMIJANA,en,sent
dre_234@hotmail.com,gundam,pt,sent
rogernio@gmail.com,roger40,pt,sent
robinho_cano@hotmail.com,Robinho,pt,sent
kristoferschultz@gmail.com,MstrKingdom,en,sent
mika_3730@hotmail.com,mika9,pt,sent
darinko_123@hotmail.com,daro2pac,en,sent
LT_Laurus@Gmail.com,Skinner,pt,sent
luiscarlosloureiro@sapo.pt,toby,pt,sent
hsilva_99@hotmail.com,Reis,pt,sent
Laurus_LT@Gmail.com,Pixx,pt,sent
gugugomes@gmail.com,R.I.P_Killer,pt,sent
cassidyboy89@roderunner.com,Slayer,en,sent
jaymac407@gmail.com,jaymac407,en,sent
lml9194@iol.pt,nkrsystem,pt,sent
renatinho_rtm@hotmail.com,rtm,pt,sent
teogy.ohkara@hotmail.com,teogynl,pt,sent
ricardolsjorge@gmail.com,Glouze,pt,sent
diogocor@gmail.com,ST diogocor,pt,sent
sbrc46@hotmail.com,AIR LINGLING,pt,sent
bartosz.adamik@playsoft.fr,VendettaPL,en,sent
garyquick@yahoo.com,Garius,en,sent
joaopcampos@sapo.pt,jpc,pt,sent
rebelo92@hotmail.com,king of the space,pt,sent
x@johnveach.com,veach4,en,sent
juc_mig@hotmail.com,M_I_G,pt,sent
eriveltontorres@gmail.com,Erivelton,pt,sent
laapereiraf@hotmail.com,derfelcadarn,pt,sent
littletoonkid2000@yahoo.com,Lord_Rnohs,en,sent
valdeon777@gmail.com,valdeon,pt,sent
taix-x@hotmail.com,Broly,pt,sent
08jfairc@platte1.wy.k12us.com,ZergHunter,en,sent
nbelo@hotmail.com,SpeedTuga,pt,sent
felixmaga1994@hotmail.com,lordkazac,pt,sent
ana_sofia_mamede@hotmail.com,BADANA AM,pt,sent
maxrnorris@gmail.com,PureLock,en,sent
jairgee@gmail.com,jairgee,en,sent
dread_r@hotmail.com,dread_r,pt,sent
et10001@hotmail.com,Iskas,pt,sent
hugo_m_tavares@hotmail.com,nabo,pt,sent
doomcock2000@yahoo.com,Majidah,en,sent
sousa1990@hotmail.com,Luthrin,en,sent
cdstclair@charter.net,generalbob67,en,sent
wesboris@shaw.ca,bobdingo,en,sent
sandroacv@gmail.com,BARONE,pt,sent
jonasgudd@gmail.com,jonasgudd,en,sent
potrugal_baixo@hotmail.com,ddt,pt,sent
sergio111079@hotmail.com,blaster79,pt,sent
bobandsallylaird@tiscali.co.uk,Alpha,en,sent
serafim-silva@hotmail.com,NightWolf,pt,sent
ee03049@fe.up.pt,DarkPanther,en,sent
fieldvocal@msn.com,trupicao,pt,sent
rtp315@hotmail.com,Vasinilda,pt,sent
c_eichenberg@yahoo.com,Kometman,en,sent
mu7ley@hotmail.com,mu7ley,pt,sent
gomesgoncalo@gmail.com,CYBERSPACE,pt,sent
freakyboydarwin@yahoo.com.au,snozzy4,en,sent
alechandre_@hotmail.com,DeMeNtOr,pt,sent
harrybutchers@hotmail.co.uk,Harry,en,sent
fu_ck__u@hotmail.com,randomj04,en,sent
denis.eco@gmail.com,Jason TRE,pt,sent
blankcsi@hotmail.com,xBlankx,pt,sent
wilson_pato_lopes@hotmail.com,deathspacemen,pt,sent
digaum_artilheiro@hotmail.com,Rodrigo999,pt,sent
sean7mcd7@live.com,switchreaver ,en,sent
pedro_tome9@hotmail.com,underminer,pt,sent
miguel_picansos@gotmail.com,yakozuna,en,sent
Nill666@peoplepc.com,meatmuncher,en,sent
alexandre_cmc@hotmail.com,Halrathn,pt,sent
sergioferduarte@hotmail.com,sd,pt,sent
buzana1987@gmail.com,NO Buzana,pt,sent
claudio_cruz14@hotmail.com,doom,pt,sent
krezix@gmail.com,KreziX,pt,sent
danillomello@gmail.com,ST Grimmjow,pt,sent
jay13@blueyonder.co.uk,skiwif,en,sent
ricardoguedes96@hotmail.com,Ricrito,pt,sent
adao.direito_@hotmail.com,adao,pt,sent
kapa1996fil@hotmail.com,scotje,pt,sent
alvindimla@yahoo.com,Sedna,en,sent
s.rodota@uol.com.br,loirovisk,pt,sent
rafael_tribuna1@hotmail.com,rafa21,pt,sent
alexandresemmer@hotmail.com,IUC Ashis,pt,sent
Daffy69Duck@hotmail.com,NO Pragana,pt,sent
sergiomiguelgomes@gmail.com,Sem0g,pt,sent
pracatiaca@hotmail.com,leticia0805,pt,sent
yuricolorado@gmail.com,yuricolorado,pt,sent
admin_salsacaffe@hotmail.com,the_fox,pt,sent
emilianoliveira@hotmail.com,ejo,pt,sent
TDavisRADLab@hotmail.com,Tarin,en,sent
baraminster@gmail.com,baramin,en,sent
W_hiser@hotmail.com,Whiser,pt,sent
miguel_picansos@hotmail.com,yakozuna,en,sent
shukrishahizam@gmail.com,kikilala2007,en,sent
valter.serra@clix.pt,swat0606,pt,sent
noahharmer@hotmail.com,noah,en,sent
jpmilioli@hotmail.com,jpmilioli,pt,sent
zorrayh@yahoo.com,Aku,en,sent
ilustrasam@yahoo.com,Pulse0791,pt,sent
jmorais1989@hotmail.com,Shadow,pt,sent
Carlrodrigues24@hotmail.com,DONmimoso,pt,sent
vincku@gmail.com,Oropher,en,sent
edugonca@netvisao.pt,Lord Sinner,pt,sent
tfuzo@hotmail.com,Spy,pt,sent
nino_do_msn@hotmail.com,Dj_FeRnAdAs,pt,sent
magictome@sbcglobal.net,Laughingman12,en,sent
minduim11_@hotmail.com,junior,pt,sent
marcos._X_@hotmail.com,marcos._X_,pt,sent
everton_meireles@hotmail.com,slipvol3,pt,sent
raickinha11@hotmail.com,Fox,pt,sent
joel9-almeida@hotmail.com,joeell,pt,sent
franciscojlpimenta@hotmail.com,Pyment,pt,sent
fabianobarbosa@walla.com,Fabigol,pt,sent
hamza_fire@hotmail.com,criticalimpact,en,sent
hmcbelgium@hotmail.com,hmtuga,pt,sent
simple_not_death@yahoo.co.id,Dave Slinkin,en,sent
hewkii_92@hotmail.com,hewkii,es
xmantis@gmail.com,HP,en,sent
garrido_fender91@hotmail.com,garrido,pt,sent
cgfreelancer@gmail.com,C.G.,pt,sent
kokia_69@megamail.com,NO Avelino,pt,sent
jacksonctgsq@hotmail.com,jacksonctgsq,pt,sent
vitor-wagner@hotmail.com,bob,pt,sent
rsalviato2@gmail.com,Zarolho,en,sent
mikki_gimle@hotmail.com,dodeli,nb
wwfilfft@hotmail.com,Iamme,pt,sent
druikin@hotmail.com,Druikin,en,sent
boy_kido9@hotmail.com,t3lm00,pt,sent
marcofcsetubal@hotmail.com,marcofcosta,en,sent
pasklan_t@msn.com,0thiag0,pt,sent
marioramalho2974@gmail.com,marioramalho2974,pt,sent
y_7_k@hotmail.com,IY,en,sent
james_c499uk@yahoo.com,Greedyfly,en,sent
sassy_tembe@hotmail.com,sassy,pt,sent
radu.iftimie@gmail.com,Zeegrim,en,sent
captainbertolini@gmail.com,bertolini,en,sent
joaotiago18@hotmail.com,Tiago_18,pt,sent
innervortex@hotmail.com,Mambawaba,pt,sent
rmmgrp2@hotmail.com,1nsan3,pt,sent
ricky.rodriguez.74@hotmail.com,K0rPs3,pt,sent
bulldozerfz@hotmail.com,gasparfzv,pt,sent
kalong@gmail.com,KaLoNg,en,sent
da19952005@yahoo.com,dajayi,en,sent
jogos.10@sapo.pt,Phoenix,pt,sent
hramos@hramos.dnip.net,HRamos,pt,sent
elvirusfatal@hotmail.com,seixas,pt,sent
riderfree@gmail.com,freerider,en,sent
kalcio_11@hotmail.com,kalcio,pt,sent
wiperiser@hotmail.com,Jafar,en,sent
baw_aw@msn.com,menjuy,pt,sent
fenixdragonx@gmail.com,Ignus,en,sent
ghinato@gmail.com,gigioboy,pt,sent
alexsa.sa@hotmail.com,xirislandio,pt,sent
llucas_nunes@hotmail.com,campo,pt,sent
recordtudo@uol.com.br,marcelomotta,pt,sent
ducaalmeida@bol.com.br,ducaalmeida,pt,sent
thiagoc_nunes@hotmail.com,thiago,pt,sent
prayanavita@gmail.com,Prayanavita,en,sent
rosangelagomes000@hotmail.com,david11,pt,sent
dragon-80@hotmail.co.uk,dragongr80,en,sent
vinceka@auburn.edu,WthOutPapers,en,sent
floriano_victor@yahoo.com.br,rotc21,pt,sent
fisher@hotmail.co.uk,fuck,en,sent
danielp-10@hotmail.com,525killer,pt,sent
obteam-kappa@pdmfc.com,PDM Kappa,pt,sent
andregouv@gmail.com,peao,pt,sent
formiga.t@gmail.com,formiga90,pt,sent
pr0ph3t@clix.pt,Pr0Ph3T,pt,sent
nagarjuna149@gmail.com,neo,en,sent
robben207@hotmail.com,Halo,pt,sent
dragol15@pop.com.br,dragol14,pt,sent
Junkyard999@optonline.net,rainos,en,sent
tiagobenfica@gmail.com,M4n4g3r,pt,sent
kingshando12@googlemail.com,KingShando,en,sent
pineladcn@hotmail.com,PINELA,pt,sent
chouquette.12@hotmail.fr,lordi52,en,sent
Bmail@clix.pt,zoyd,pt,sent
serial-killer89@hotmail.com,Serial,pt,sent
danix007ro@yahoo.com,danixx,en,sent
d00mst4r@yahoo.com,d00mst4r,en,sent
Beau_Da_man@hotmail.com,IgnitionFox,en,sent
bellinha.oz.andrade@gmail.com,bellinha,pt,sent
patrick@cids.co.uk,pw,en,sent
HKDIII@aol.com,Jimmy765,en,sent
mr_b4bu@hotmail.com,Insanity,pt,sent
ignitionfox@hotmail.com,IgnitionFox,en,sent
joao_vk@hotmail.com,DevilJK,pt,sent
abella_martin35@yahoo.com,akatsukee,en,sent
FJMARQUES@GMAIL.COM,FJMARQUES,pt,sent
tara.tr@iol.pt,h.arranha,pt,sent
nuno_0015@hotmail.com,Desenrrasca,pt,sent
raider852@hotmail.com,raiderbg,pt,sent
Fcp_Diego@hotmail.com,andre_duarte,pt,sent
carlos_v@sapo.pt,janti,pt,sent
jorge_69_cumcatano@hotmail.com,Lord Devil,pt,sent
rodrigoap2003@yahoo.com.br,poporino,pt,sent
pintainho11@hotmail.com,Pinta11,pt,sent
morbid_sun_shine@yahoo.com,natacha,pt,sent
jpedro11_11@hotmail.com,pedroveski,pt,sent
moose_rider7@hotmail.com,FidgitWiggles,en,sent
tiago_acurcio_1987@hotmail.com,Buzana,pt,sent
ace-mos@hotmail.com,aceina,en,sent
lilimpf@hotmail.com,limpf,pt,sent
adolfmitler@gmail.com,Mitler,pt,sent
matheus_kalil@hotmail.com,Ebony Vortex,pt,sent
leandro_yzit@hotmail.com,pornocracker,pt,sent
jimbob173@hotmail.com,jimbob,en,sent
thejuciestat@hotmail.com,ZeusThePacMAn,en,sent
ken_2101@yahoo.com,g3lo,en,sent
thehuciest@hotmail.com,michelan,en,sent
REPTOR@Hotmail.co.uk,REPTOR,en,sent
tic_dioo8b@hotmail.com,diogo8b,pt,sent
thejuciest@hotmail.com,MickOwers,en,sent
fifpj@hotmail.com,Pontes,pt,sent
leetdrew@hotmail.com,Anthill Mob,en,sent
a_pereira23@hotmaIL.COM,Dedepima,pt,sent
tg_boy@hotmail.com,tiaguinho,pt,sent
alex_silva1308@hotmail.com,pevide,pt,sent
mathsciencegeek1@yahoo.com,blah135,en,sent
torturedsoul_21@yahoo.com,torturedsoul,en,sent
garfield.alves@gmail.com,Scrat,pt,sent
calibershot@yahoo.com,calibergun,en,sent
jander_hog@hotmail.com,Vinnga,pt,sent
angelo.roberto@bol.com.br,angelo_122,pt,sent
nuno_cruz99@hotmail.com,koveiro,fr
strike@yahoo.de,davillage,en,sent
malhado1005@hotmail.com,gladiador,pt,sent
atilano-silva@hotmail.com,eclipse,pt,sent
LaurusJT@gmail.com,Laurus,pt,sent
j.calcantara@terra.com.br,Zargonus,pt,sent
jorge.chivas@hotmail.com,chivas,pt,sent
tsumind@gmail.com,TheasTropo,pt,sent
valter.serra142@hotmail.com,swat,pt,sent
rgteix@msn.com,Don System,en,sent
dexi.kiix@gmail.com,Dexi,en,sent
arthur.lima7@ig.com.br,Dr. Morte,pt,sent
nunomfmoreira@hotmail.com,IIwerewolf,pt,sent
Lyons4821@gmail.com,Lyons_48,en,sent
samuelmedalha@sapo.pt,Leumasss,pt,sent
martir_de_alaxa@hotmail.com,kasty,pt,sent
goncalo.r@gmail.com,Tangolho,pt,sent
danny_weasel@hotmail.com,Sou_Eu,pt,sent
bbert2005@hotmail.com,Bert,pt,sent
cuinvadis@hotmail.com,cuinvadis,pt,sent
dhilan_1984@hotmail.com,strakerias,en,sent
lila9_89@hotmail.com,kirika,pt,sent
peejthunder@yahoo.com,Crusader,en,sent
antoniojulio25@hotmail.com,ZINI,pt,sent
sag@megamail.pt,Pyros,pt,sent
plxchronicles@hotmail.com,Solomirathnius,tr
wolfy1362001@yahoo.com,wolfysb,en,sent
jonayling@gmail.com,Jediwannabe,en,sent
mestre68_e_meio@hotmail.com,EL MIESTRE,en,sent
prannock@gmail.com,neon_prannock,pt,sent
nunomarques3@msn.com,MindTrap,pt,sent
marligambaro@hotmail.com,marcos,pt,sent
richard.conroy@gmail.com,Laughing Manji,en,sent
mauro.correia@sapo.pt,Cesc Fabregas,pt,sent
bruno.oliveira91@hotmail.com,sOuLine,pt,sent
psantos@orionsbelt.eu,Mawhrin Skel,pt,sent
gabonator12@yahoo.com,Shika,es
pauldprong@hotmail.com,Prang,en,sent
renz_kyra@yahoo.com,ren,en,sent
m_tuga@hotmail.com,mtuga,pt,sent
brucp@hotmail.com,SkyBaX,pt,sent
rafs456@gmail.com,rafiusk,pt,sent
atiago13@gmail.com,Kronick,pt,sent
hybris_91@hotmail.com,RahZeL,pt,sent
dragmio@yahoo.com,dragmio,hr
yougotserved911@hotmail.com,derrell123,en,sent
Hsvic@yahoo.com,ICEMEN,pt,sent
psy_1@zipmail.com.br,Gynouss,pt,sent
fairmost@hotmail.com,fairmost pt,pt,sent
tlmartindal2003@yahoo.com,jeremy,en,sent
cogbuster3@yahoo.com,Chaotic,en,sent
c0ut1nh0@otmail.com,MindStorm,pt,sent
diogo.alexandre10@gmail.com,douglas,pt,sent
ruipvalongo@sapo.pt,spirit,pt,sent
agressibu@hotmail.com,Doubleid,pt,sent
sdm.ob@hotmail.com,geison rosa santos,pt,sent
filipe_martins95@hotmail.com,FilipeXD,pt,sent
golo@hotmail.com,golo,pt,sent
jjoao_ferreira_540@hotmail.com,kanhola,pt,sent
insanepyroboy89@gmail.com,innerlight,en,sent
creative22mind@yahoo.com,Nyori,en,sent
Banzaitrooper@gmail.com,TehBanz,en,sent
smithb3@aetna.com,Ghostdog,en,sent
willian_rato2005@hotmail.com,ratto,pt,sent
dragonriderjosh@hotmail.com,JOSH,en,sent
fafinhagostoso@hotmail.com,Gothico,pt,sent
gustavoctvv@hotmail.com,guga157,pt,sent
bytemania@gmail.com,bytemania,pt,sent
joao_ferreira_540@hotmail.com,kanhola,pt,sent
j_barros_maldonado@hotmail.com,Maldonado,pt,sent
Veljko1969@hotmail.com,Babac,en,sent
KinJuLForce@Hotmail.com,KinJuL,pt,sent
Makkedah_Aren@yahoo.com,Wotfreak,en,sent
boinas_89@hotmail.com,Boinas,pt,sent
davidsantos@hdsi-pt.com,djkat,pt,sent
cmosher2@student.ednet.ns.ca,havoc,en,sent
riko-7@hotmail.com,cabal,pt,sent
duduhakusho@gmail.com,duduyusuke,pt,sent
rudimus@yahoo.com,Rudimus,en,sent
ric_nun@netcabo.pt,4throck,pt,sent
falkas@gmail.com,falkas,pt,sent
sptoliveira@hotmail.com,MiNaHx,pt,sent
negao_9969@hotmail.com,alex,pt,sent
gamesaqui@gmail.com,GamesAqui,pt,sent
nuninho-boy@iol.pt,nuninhoboy,pt,sent
isibraz@gmail.com,isibraz,pt,sent
willa_12@hotmail.com,Solen,en,sent
jose_l_nunes@hotmail.com,leloko86,pt,sent
frederico6963@gmail.com,Paiva69,pt,sent
juaaraujo_14@sapo.pt,cyber,pt,sent
brilian_firadus@yahoo.com,dragor,en,sent
shaun0153@yahoo.co.uk,shaun0153,en,sent
james_manecas@hotmail.com,manekas,pt,sent
paomeow@hotmail.com,paomeow,en,sent
coasterkidben@cox.net,Travian,en,sent
paiva69moreira@hotmail.com,Fred,pt,sent
phrs_3k@hotmail.com,Green.withe,pt,sent
rush1989@gmail.com,rsh,pl
afduarte@gmail.com,ST react,pt,sent
carlos.m.santos33@hotmaol.com,grife93,pt,sent
mithrahn@gmail.com,Mithrahn,en,sent
miguelfc_93@hotmail.com,Miguelitius,pt,sent
bmpcatwork@gmail.com,MasterOfPuppets,pt,sent
prtunning@clix.pt,Goromin,en,sent
pedro_ferreira186@hotmail.com,PedroPT,pt,sent
hotrodcbj@dellmail.com,Jamo,en,sent
zarret_ferraz@iol.pt,zarret,pt,sent
one@flyingkohalas.com,One,en,sent
mlp_silva@hotmail.com,Madeirense99,pt,sent
sporea_sebastian@yahoo.com,Tarot,en,sent
shinobione@hotmail.com,zeraposo,pt,sent
idnttymtrx@gmail.com,RSHRSH,en,sent
piscopires@hotmail.com,Jack of blades,en,sent
gamby1980@libero.it,Gamby,en,sent
thiaguinhodocb@hotmail.com,habiros,pt,sent
rffmbster@gmail.com,Trunks25,pt,sent
tiagoapscouto@hotmail.com,vacuum,pt,sent
ger.vide@hotmail.com,gervide,pt,sent
bruno.miguel94@hotmail.com,Killerban,pt,sent
fabio_mjay@hotmail.com,barca80,pt,sent
adan_iki@hotmail.com,adaniki,pt,sent
noname_881@hotmail.com,Andreamon,en,sent
alexhalox@yahoo.com,XxGorgonxX,en,sent
aandrealvernaz@hotmail.com,Alvernaz,pt,sent
istas11@msn.com,Skyline,pt,sent
collin_lo_ngok@hotmail.com,falconeti,en,sent
destroyerofevil@gmail.com,Thysiazo,en,sent
mario_vieira_@hotmail.com,redes,pt,sent
goncasserafim@gmail.com,NO_ Megatron,pt,sent
cardoso.marcelo@gmail.com,_MjMc_StPt,pt,sent
player_one_09@hotmail.com,Dadc121,pt,sent
d_cummins_82@yahoo.com,DragonsBane82,en,sent
icarrcreations@gmail.com,CommanderThor,en,sent
tim@cyberplante.com,jack2000,af
migas_sca@hotmail.com,migas10,pt,sent
sonictheleet@hotmail.com,nulix,pt,sent
jh-fortes@bol.com.br,jhfortes,pt,sent
greencamaro@yahoo.com,Sloth,en,sent
trax5@gmail.com,Traxto,es
bsdouglas2@gmail.com,BsXeD,en,sent
eblumster@gmail.com,safron,en,sent
gobletoffirefan@yahoo.com,scifi70,en,sent
zeon@netcabo.pt,Optimus Prime,pt,sent
gabotralice@hotmail.com,gtkapo,es
salito_520@hotmail.com,Gonxalo7,pt,sent
olveron@hotmail.com,Olveron,en,sent
bruno.miguel94@htomail.com,Killerban,pt,sent
zedbled@portugalmail.com,zedbled,pt,sent
Venom_2250@yahoo.ca,Venom_2250,en,sent
bruno.mcss@hotmail.com,KingBan,pt,sent
George.Vanev@gmail.com,zir0,en,sent
eatyc@hotmail.com,eaty,pt,sent
pikky10@hotmail.com,Dj_South_Park,pt,sent
paulo.pmf@hotmail.com,paulopmf,pt,sent
joaodiasafonso@gmail.com,Viriato,pt,sent
eluiz.wolverine@gmail.com,wolverine,pt,sent
dogman44@yahoo.com,warsprite,en,sent
demolition_boy12@hotmail.com,demolition boy,pt,sent
brunotw41@gmail.com,deand,pt,sent
ricardotasebem@hotmail.com,HeavenLord,pt,sent
yaxscd@yahoo.de,Bommel,en,sent
kungjesus@hotmail.com,KungJesus,pt,sent
bagual_ia@yahoo.com,aylesd2nd,en,sent
kassuna_j@hotmail.com,shinu,pt,sent
carla_fpa@hotmail.com,carla,pt,sent
sanfordpaul@gmail.com,sanfordpaul,en,sent
j_preira@hotmail.com,Hunter,pt,sent
lucas_funorotico@yahoo.com.br,lucas157,pt,sent
ralphedward2001@yahoo.com,kakyou144,en,sent
drgvalente@ig.com.br,BraveX,pt,sent
manduinspace@hanmail.net,manduinspace,en,sent
rickyframos@hotmail.com,Kkentti,pt,sent
prtugalLailia@hotmail.com,Vasco,zh
covas-69@hotmail.com,covas,en,sent
Uncyclopedian@yahoo.com,Uncyclopedian,en,sent
bla@bla.bla,tyler23v,en,sent
pittaxx@gmail.com,pittaxx,en,sent
j_demon_666@hotmail.com,ColonialFederation,en,sent
ruimsh@hotmail.com,eagleshark,pt,sent
tsimi2006@yahoo.com,gherasim,en,sent
surfistaafonso@hotmail.com,kingafonso,pt,sent
natal_001@hotmail.com,kapacete,pt,sent
gonsas28@netcabo.pt,NO Goblin,pt,sent
bruno_gomes_22@hotmail.com,optimos_prime,pt,sent
m_yak@msn.com,Azlia,en,sent
paul.reay@ntlworld.com,03reayc,en,sent
Rafael.revem@gmail.com,raphito,pt,sent
moraes_fbo@yahoo.com.br,uniaopl,pt,sent
tinaparreco@hotmail.com,andre1223,pt,sent
joao.diogo.mendes@hotmil.com,Good Devil,pt,sent
hugofelicio@hotmail.com,Deadkiss,pt,sent
snowclash2@gmail.com,Metson,en,sent
david_slb3@sapo.pt,david_slb,pt,sent
rudaprestes@gmail.com,Apoca290,pt,sent
ivo_pimenta@hotmail.com,Solaris,pt,sent
cristianjr@tca.com.br,CristianJR,pt,sent
r0n@dellmail.com,Blueblitz,en,sent
nao-enche2@hotmail.com,marcus120,pt,sent
artem.tkachenko@hotmail.com,Sayan Gogrta,pt,sent
bartekxxx@gmail.com,BartXXX,pl
paulo_marques2@hotmail.com,SopaS,pt,sent
cardwelln@yahoo.com,bones,en,sent
ddonohu2@une.edu.au,Ravid,en,sent
madddogg609@yahoo.com,Spartacus,en,sent
ze_the_game@hotmail.com,OlaPT,pt,sent
placidusimperium@gmail.com,plac,en,sent
oseias@student.dei.uc.pt,djrock,pt,sent
leoforcekiller@gmail.com,wowzark,en,sent
pom.pom_@hotmail.com,dreygoth,en,sent
whitdemon@gmail.com,whitdemon,en,sent
reaper-28@hotmail.com,reaper99,en,sent
xxcrazycompboyxx@yahoo.com,ahoyjmai,en,sent
edofmyst@gmail.com,burshaz,en,sent
sapas_amigo@hotmail.com,sapas,pt,sent
sono16@hotmail.com,solitario,pt,sent
pedro_miguel.soad@hotmail.com,WolfSoad,pt,sent
Overdosed_91@hotmail.com,0verdosed,pt,sent
tiagorsousa0@hotmail.com,Death Ripper,pt,sent
bolinha-acm_99@hotmail.com,bolinha,pt,sent
hellmanns2103@hotmail.com,Claus,pt,sent
rfjricardo@hotmail.com,ricardo,pt,sent
helderduque@hotmail.com,kingbzaga,pt,sent
luislopes294@hotmail.com,luislopes294,pt,sent
diogocosta1994@hotmail.com,LostNCrazy,pt,sent
niclam@ngdstudios.com.ar,niclam,en,sent
njgoncalves@hotmail.com,superacer,pt,sent
datamarques@gmail.com,Psylon,pt,sent
marilinemendes@hotmail.com,maryyy,pt,sent
carpetsmoker@xs4all.nl,Carpetsmoker,en,sent
Fattyroll777@yahoo.com,SlayUsAll,en,sent
gonga500@hotmail.com,gonga500,pt,sent
waladil@lycos.com,waladil,en,sent
joao.candido@artelecom.pt,JohnCosta,pt,sent
mr_poop_head@hotmail.com,!xobile,en,sent
ximgam@hotmail.com,Narven,pt,sent
emailglued@gmail.com,Glued,pt,sent
angellee@xtra.co.nz,5unrise,en,sent
juninho_bilar@hotmail.com,junimdoidim,pt,sent
darkmoonofauir@Hotmail.com,ashrubel,en,sent
Lagodocisne@gmail.com,LARGO,pt,sent
rafaelnewhouse@gmail.com,Sherlock,pt,sent
LtBaker9@yahoo.com,Sean,en,sent
tozemoraisdantas2@sapo.pt,toze,pt,sent
jo_b3nfyka@hotmail.com,toze,pt,sent
binogi7@sapo.pt,lolito99,pt,sent
chris0r@fcut.co.uk,Chris0r,en,sent
roberthill_12@hotmail.com,Bucky123,en,sent
o_lacerda@hotmail.com,valenzy,pt,sent
winston.rumfoord@gmail.com,froman22,en,sent
pedro3692@hotmail.fr,Pedrox,pt,sent
netaver300@yahoo.com,Jaden Kent,en,sent
bubble_o_man@hotmail.com,BubbleMan,pt,sent
sandruh__@hotmail.com,sandro,pt,sent
marpaixao@sapo.pt,noogai,pt,sent
netsaver300@yahoo.com,Jaden Kent,en,sent
Azeeb96@yahoo.com.my,Azeeb96,en,sent
malvin_tjokro@yahoo.com.sg,malvin,en,sent
marciomenezes@oniduo.pt,Darkfire,pt,sent
leonard_tjoa@hotmail.com,benci,en,sent
correal@plantel.com.ar,Brentano,es
tiagorodrigues1@gmail.com,makiavell,pt,sent
borg_7of9@hotmail.com,Gimpexe,en,sent
diaboclaudio@hotmail.com,claudiojp,pt,sent
darksky0@hotmail.com,darksky0,en,sent
darkeritgets@portugalmail.pt,Darth_Vader,pt,sent
kotinha_slb@hotmail.com,kiilall,pt,sent
nelsond_21@hotmail.com,KinkD,pt,sent
carlo1pr@hotmail.com,JCAP,pt,sent
rui_figueiredo_11@hotmail.com,ruifigueiredo,pt,sent
pedro_vs_azor@hotmail.com,AzorienGod,pt,sent
guerrero@hotmail.com,marado,pt,sent
rsynger@gmail.com,richmeister,en,sent
www.fishingwithbook@yahoo.com,mogget,en,sent
rod_wolf11@hotmail.com,Rodwolf,pt,sent
pepijnvangastel@gmail.com,pepio,nl
filipe_ls99@hotmail.com,sky warrior,pt,sent
larsen.hugo@gmail.com,Zhulu,en,sent
lmbassnrick@yahoo.com,Strephis,en,sent
jessica_ong_jh@yahoo.com.au,Ellesmera1980,en,sent
f16tomcatgunner@google.com,f16tomcat,en,sent
ahmedbelkarty@yahoo.co.uk,melemaster,en,sent
azar66@hotmail.co.uk,monkeyking65,en,sent
casawhithe@hotmail.com,brunocasabranca,pt,sent
Ryan@winningagency.com,rytexas,en,sent
lagodocisne@gmail.com,LARGO,pt,sent
paulex.org@hotmail.com,paulopalinhas,pt,sent
d.a.n.o.n.e@hotmail.com,phyton,pt,sent
gabbyeah@yahoo.com,gabe,pt,sent
nnunodark@gmail.com,nnunodark,pt,sent
morrowind245@yahoo.com,tint,en,sent
jurebaferreira@hotmail.com,jurebaao,pt,sent
gennaria@email.it,Mephysto,en,sent
joao.peniche@hotmail.com,joaopeniche,pt,sent
LiquidShark3@sapo.pt,LiquidShark3,pt,sent
osiris_apr@hotmail.com,aramus,pt,sent
rafamacieira111@hotmail.com,charutox,pt,sent
rockfixe@hotmail.com,naxon,pt,sent
joaodavide@gmail.com,Don Houseman,pt,sent
andreh_sk8_1@hotmail.com,Dediii,pt,sent
tiago_morais_619@hotmail.com,tinico19,pt,sent
titomelga@gmail.com,titomelga,pt,sent
Andre_rkr@hotmail.com,PKDOR,pt,sent
fsantos200@hotmail.com,kebzy,pt,sent
assassin1834@hotmail.com,assassin1834,en,sent
vipes100_halo@yahoo.com,Viper,en,sent
n_britogato@yahoo.com.br,natan16jp,pt,sent
rita_ribeiro_19@hotmail.com,Diaba_Rita,pt,sent
fixer66@gmail.com,Fixer,en,sent
jo_mar11@hotmail.com,Devon,pt,sent
jpluis@hotmail.com,jpluis,pt,sent
daniel_lp10@hotmail.com,ILUSAO,pt,sent
webb@sapo.pt,R_YpahNu,pt,sent
dragone_2005@hotmail.com,dragone,pt,sent
mindorftibia@hotmail.com,yang kun,pt,sent
joao_paiva@portugalmail.pt,DiM Malaman,pt,sent
me@yahoo.com,you,en,sent
zymanski77@hotmail.com,alarico,pt,sent
theonlystd@hotmail.com,theonlystd,en,sent
Nikvel@msn.com,Omega,en,sent
dragao_love_m@hotmail.com,davidguardado,pt,sent
carlosbenavides30@hotmail.com,Blade,pt,sent
g1gas@hotmail.com,g1gas,pt,sent
joaoandre4@hotmail.com,djklap,pt,sent
daniel_santos55@iol.pt,dan,pt,sent
zezima8448@yahoo.com,Trussalarso,en,sent
marco_cs2@hotmail.com,Osodrac,pt,sent
cassiocasco@yahoo.com.br,1231,pt,sent
burro_1de1_srekh@hotmail.com,PauloFFF,pt,sent
ages_boy@yahoo.com,agesboy,en,sent
fr123@netvisao.pt,Fatias,pt,sent
matheus_gaucho96@terra.com.br,matheuswt,pt,sent
bruno_miguel2@hotmail.com,Beers,pt,sent
andrezinhu.silva@gmail.com,andrezinhu,pt,sent
caiogla@yahoo.com.br,Wildwing,pt,sent
isse@wp.pl,Iselin,pl
sk8mann@live.com,Forbiden Shadow,en,sent
movimento27_td@hotmail.com,movimento27,pt,sent
ukajfez@gmail.com,ukajfez,en,sent
filipelima.06@hotmail.com,bolshei,pt,sent
afs_pereira@hotmail.com,tunandre,pt,sent
gliceu.nakamura@hotmail.com,GLICEUMASTER,pt,sent
atpinho@gmail.com,ST xpto,pt,sent
marciocostacg@gmail.com,Mondain,pt,sent
dinis.pt@gmail.com,OutOfSys,pt,sent
EarlTsunamiMandu@hotmail.com,EarlTsunami,en,sent
nathanpsmith@tx.rr.com,Sagez,en,sent
pm_scorpion@hotmail.com,pmscorpion,pt,sent
takuara_v-tec@sapo.pt,Shaguar,pt,sent
smbt17@hotmail.com,Possessed Frog,en,sent
felipe_flea@hotmail.com,brolyssj5,en,sent
dentinho_grilo@hotmail.com,dentinhos,pt,sent
armageddonwolf@hotmail.com,finicalwolf,en,sent
summoboss@yahoo.com,ioncostin,en,sent
logfather@gmail.com,Xenu,en,sent
fernandodpires@hotmail.com,Cavaleiro das Trevas,pt,sent
kitas69@gmail.com,kitas69,pt,sent
fabio.amm.95@gmail.com,samali,pt,sent
Lord_Afonso@aeiou.pt,Vanhelsing,pt,sent
jorge_19porto@hotmail.com,Dog ra,pt,sent
alex.gap@gmail.com,lag,en,sent
rafa_santosl@hotmail.com,Jatra,pt,sent
gubileca@gmail.com,gubileca,pt,sent
jprnunes@gmail.com,scoremen,pt,sent
geral@jaferreira.com,TonyG,pt,sent
karel_sumarsudi@yahoo.co.id,Karel,en,sent
runswithsizzors@gmail.com,altoids114,en,sent
jdroessner@comcast.net,CorpralJake,en,sent
loonsbury@yahoo.com,Loonsbury,en,sent
paulex1989@hotmail.com,viduedo,pt,sent
daniel.ascensao@pdmfc.com,ZyX,en,sent
xibita69@megamail.pt,NO Heracles,pt,sent
marcelotw42@hotmail.com,abraao,pt,sent
fatok_ag@hotmail.com,lord_apocalipse,pt,sent
marvolo@gmail.com,happyraul,en,sent
sanjinm@net.hr,mravich,en,sent
Baiamvt@hotmail.com,Zeviot,pt,sent
danny.caetano@hotmail.com,D4NnY,pt,sent
oicfar@o2.pl,oicfaR,pl
tieticopetti@hotmail.com,mateus,pt,sent
Thiagozadra_31@hotmail.com,Taz,pt,sent
markkealey@hotmail.co.uk,Kramsta,en,sent
mdietz@gmail.com,Wizgrah,en,sent
smota91@gmail.com,samuelmota,pt,sent
frans_idol@yahoo.com,snarf23,en,sent
aallein@hotmail.com,aallein,pt,sent
kman12339@gmail.com,master12212,en,sent
Mikeyo_8989@hotmail.com,Mikeyo8989,en,sent
samuel__campos@hotmail.com,Sam,pt,sent
benny_gato@hotmail.com,benny_gato,pt,sent
veronica_69_96@hotmail.com,veronikita,pt,sent
netocatdog@hotmail.com,Reenp,pt,sent
zeratul.exe@gmail.com,Executable,pt,sent
killshrine@sapo.pt,Nikki,pt,sent
alouin_@hotmail.com,Kaiser,pt,sent
do9uz@hotmail.com,do9uz,en,sent
helder_master2@hotmail.com,helder_master2,pt,sent
jdpc@sapo.pt,JD557,pt,sent
cardosoaleluia@hotmail.com,gon_6,pt,sent
rosangela-a-gomes@hotmail.com,david11,pt,sent
kagutsuchi@gmail.com,glorifen,en,sent
di_andre_teixeira@hotmail.com,akelemarado,pt,sent
funki_pidgy@hotmail.com,xAnghellicx,en,sent
momentocosta@hotmail.com,987654321,pt,sent
bruno95@live.com.pt,takems,pt,sent
dstrope@ljbinc.com,ozzyfudd,en,sent
majetic@doctor.com,degauss,en,sent
p.afonso.dias@netcabo.pt,lord2006,pt,sent
fight_freak7@hotmail.com,BlazeHawk77,en,sent
erick.calado@gmail.com,erickfilho,pt,sent
elarguin@aol.com,e7dragon,en,sent
dani_x82@hotmail.com,Vandal,pt,sent
dark_knight_1_@hotmial.com,Dark knight the SPACE KEEPER,pt,sent
klonoa999@hotmail.com,persona,pt,sent
JakeRoboz@hotmail.com,JakeRoboz,en,sent
viegas@hotmail.com,viegas,en,sent
valerio_scp93@hotmail.com,carona,en,sent
siulbessa@gmail.com,Bessa,pt,sent
lovoka_hikaro@yahoo.com,lovoka,en,sent
bernardottr@hotmail.com,Bernardoreis,pt,sent
llmsantos@msn.com,Yamato,pt,sent
bruno.sum@hotmail.com,Brunosum,pt,sent
oni_tenyu@hotmail.com,Oni,en,sent
casilvatk@yahoo.com.br,cassiano.campes,pt,sent
barrow684@btinternet.com,Babbit55,en,sent
stasy_erlikh@yahoo.com,Stacey,en,sent
rob__douglas@hotmail.com,Valentine,en,sent
justmeyupme@hotmail.com,KASMAT,en,sent
el_ultimo_horo@hotmail.com,SiKth,en,sent
coisinha_717@hotmail.com,COISA,pt,sent
drognan27@yahoo.com,Jahren,en,sent
sepolpaulo@hotmail.com,STsepol12,pt,sent
estrelinha_carmo@hotmail.com,loirinha,pt,sent
steve1austen@yahoo.com,beave,en,sent
ruipdmvieira@hotmail.com,RPDMV,pt,sent
helderpintuh@hotmail.com,Dyztroyer,pt,sent
athaba@inode.at,reezer,en,sent
aleph31@yahoo.com,Aleph31,pt,sent
hf.engineer@gmail.com,ingeni0us,pt,sent
filipe__leao@hotmail.com,imparavel31,pt,sent
tuankiet_lovely@yahoo.com,tuankietlove,en,sent
mancha_negra@netcabo.pt,mancha_negra,pt,sent
tata_eu17@hotmail.com,Tartaruga,pt,sent
alnano2@gmail.com,alnano,en,sent
overlordpriere@yahoo.com,priere,en,sent
hirashiki@gmail.com,Hiraka,pt,sent
system_of_down_94@yahoo.com,WakaWakaWaka,en,sent
jonnywhite78@yahoo.co.uk,jonny,en,sent
butthead_jm@yahoo.com,beavis13,en,sent
antonio.barros.mail@gmail.com,soprano,pt,sent
tiagosouza04@hotmail.com,Fontaine,pt,sent
joao_miguel_9@hotmail.com,Feder,pt,sent
moniketa.20@hotmail.com,devil woman 20,pt,sent
Brunoalba91@hotmail.com,SniperAlba,pt,sent
fdsmelo3@hotmail.com,fabiomelo,pt,sent
antonioferreira.to@gmail.com,TOSF,pt,sent
muxi_d@hotmail.com,mx2007,en,sent
norbibraz@hotmail.com,braz com Z,pt,sent
webigornet@yahoo.com,igor,en,sent
dgrao@bol.com.br,NeW,pt,sent
bfizzle3@gmail.com,brandon,en,sent
w0lfmonkeymanpie@yahoo.com,dethreaper27,en,sent
kakinnamon@dasd.epals.com,Saint,en,sent
violent.bear@gmail.com,wolves212,en,sent
yumizoguchi@yahoo.com.sg,blacgregar,en,sent
sampaio4@gmail.com,orin warrior,pt,sent
knits_666@hotmail.com,knits,pt,sent
as1587191@sapo.pt,Kikos,pt,sent
strataboy@hotmail.com,strataboy,en,sent
ricardoespiritosanto@tvtel.pt,NO el macho,pt,sent
kikone8@gmail.com,ST negative,pt,sent
superdigas@hotmail.com,Cyclone,pt,sent
fernandopelissari@hotmail.com,paleetu,pt,sent
ilkaydemirhan@hotmail.com,ilkayde,tr
duarte_dias100@sapo.pt,duarte_nuno,pt,sent
rmiguel_1978@hotmail.com,Hidrix,pt,sent
moguai@hotmail.com,moguai,en,sent
mario@jogostugas.com,jtmario,pt,sent
miguelpinho@hotmail.com,Mike,en,sent
fgetce@gmail.com,fgetce,en,sent
x-cool_greatstyle@hotmail.com,spear21,en,sent
pirusas.carvalho@hotmail.com,MITRUS,pt,sent
Nateku@cox.net,Lyl,en,sent
raul.dibengo@hotmail.com,TRANZ,pt,sent
hugo.cachitas@hotmail.com,Don Kaxitaz,pt,sent
ngsrcsb@gmail.com,ngsrcsb,pt,sent
thean1991@yahoo.com.vn,Arevanyz,vi
carafixe14@aeiou.pt,miguel1215,pt,sent
eq9642@alunos.ipb.pt,ST Astral Fury,pt,sent
sean_jear@hotmail.com,trey tulen mhadis,en,sent
shabang50@hotmail.com,shabang50,en,sent
cbiedess@yahoo.com,cbiedess,en,sent
zeeeee@gmail.com,innociv,en,sent
felnercosta@hotmail.com,JohnCosta,pt,sent
frederico6963@hotmail.com,Frederico,pt,sent
casimiro.silva@hotmail.com,K7ou8,pt,sent
mmss_em@yahoo.com,MMSs,en,sent
michaelm@netvisao.pt,Blasted,pt,sent
glork2006@gmail.com,Zeraw08,fr
cvpa.mike@hotmail.com,abreu,pt,sent
fallen_god@megamail.pt,fallen god,pt,sent
redustt@gmail.com,reDust,en,sent
edis20@gmail.com,Side,en,sent
f_rosado@netcabo.pt,OutKaster,pt,sent
rui_venancio_T@hotmail.com,Erlik,pt,sent
paivqa69moreira@hotmail.com,Frederico,pt,sent
comasters@hotmail.com,Comasters,pt,sent
ricostaantunes@gmail.com,ggarm,pt,sent
rui.prada@netvisao.pt,Gorgar,en,sent
david_miguel_69@hotmail.com,Infernal,pt,sent
jhow_crazy@hotmail.com,nehru,pt,sent
jevad21@yahoo.com,jevad21,en,sent
nuno_19_batista@hotmail.com,colectivo,pt,sent
luciano.92@hotmail.com,DominuS,en,sent
brennerw@gmail.com,brennerw,pt,sent
mr.jogos.br@gmail.com,Super_REI,pt,sent
hugo_sac_73@hotmail.com,hugo_Sac,pt,sent
freixo03@hotmail.com,freixo03,pt,sent
chairman@soa-world.de,cherry,en,sent
marianafernandes04@gmail.com,siri96,pt,sent
xandermathews@yahoo.com,CoderD,en,sent
rc.muniz@hotmail.com,releus,pt,sent
ukleticobanin@gmail.com,ukleticobanin,en,sent
g123deoliveira4@hotmail.com,Raven9,pt,sent
yaroslav.knyazev@gmail.com,russoykr,pt,sent
lfvbarroso@hotmail.com,barbel,pt,sent
judo-man_@hotmail.com,boa,en,sent
guestadm@yahoo.com,zarathustra,en,sent
allanrezpes@yahoo.com.br,kennex75,pt,sent
metaleirodoamanha@hotmail.com,Krizalidy,pt,sent
koren0038@yahoo.com,koren38,en,sent
cryogen72+orion@gmail.com,IMMMORTAL,en,sent
vegeta_my@hotmail.com,ntmb,pt,sent
pmsmppp@sapo.pt,pmsmpp,en,sent
killiri-kreg@hotmail.com,Sagara,pt,sent
frezer17@gmail.com,yoseph,pt,sent
compellingvoices@gmail.com,Desecrator,en,sent
hyago_anbu@hotmail.com,Madara93,pt,sent
jpangelus@gmail.com,DON ELCAPITAIN,pt,sent
tiailds@yahoo.com,tiailds,en,sent
bpedro@gmail.com,Blackout,en,sent
ps2_playa_0202@hotmail.com,revrial,en,sent
Gonzalo_262@hotmail.com,Gonthy,pt,sent
iilan@hotmail.com,iilan,en,sent
you_marrafas@hotmail.com,AMFIS,pt,sent
eterian_guard@hotmail.com,eterian,en,sent
blah@blah.com,blah,en,sent
kartilos@gmail.com,kartilos,pt,sent
flaviomls@hotmail.com,anakaradsk,pt,sent
oscaiva@iol.pt,Sirious,pt,sent
el.matador92@gmail.com,kripkaiser,pt,sent
magnuno@hotmail.com,SUS Crew SoulKeeperPT,pt,sent
raidenzoe@hotmail.com,stencaichoPT,pt,sent
drc.on@hotmail.com,Don Sasuke,pt,sent
michelmcarthur@gmail.com,Exmond,en,sent
sylik_divad@msn.com,SylikDivad,pt,sent
dgothic3@gmail.com,Kortes,pt,sent
al3xandr3@sapo.pt,hav0x,en,sent
darocro@hotmail.com,ExpCrosara,pt,sent
Xotopinto@hotmail.com,Xotopinto,pt,sent
cleber.segundo@oi.com.br,pekos,pt,sent
rikardo.passos@hotmail.com,SUS Crew Passos,pt,sent
flyguy10269@gmail.com,mavlar,en,sent
ridcaeiro@hotmail.com,DrHouse,pt,sent
pioio_21@hotmail.com,bato,pt,sent
bimbinhodcarmo@hotmail.com,hequison12,pt,sent
froz3n_thr0wn@yahoo.com,jokerjack,en,sent
karatanuc@yahoo.co.uk,karatanuc,en,sent
andrenunes_mafia@hotmail.com,andremafia,pt,sent
mrafy@sapo.pt,mrafy,pt,sent
brunochambino@gmail.com,bmv,pt,sent
pjmmorgans@aol.com,Rosa_Astris,en,sent
r.t_repka@hotmail.com,Repka,pt,sent
super_dragao@megamail.pt,NO super_dragao,pt,sent
cristiano_teixeira@sapo.pt,xtpo,pt,sent
forest.tux@gmail.com,fuhur,en,sent
janapi@hotmail.de,janinha,en,sent
gnmbrito@yahoo.com,Strings,pt,sent
petr_prazak@seznam.cz,cybermage,en,sent
islaick@hotmail.com,islaick2,pt,sent
sporting_f@hotmail.com,afbd,pt,sent
bogdancrnc@yahoo.com,zolli,en,sent
furia.da.noite@hotmail.com,luizwilton,pt,sent
jahkel@gmail.com,jahkel,en,sent
lycos.man@gmail.com,lycosman,pt,sent
a_horab@hotmail.com,Lyre,en,sent
streetfihter@gmail.com,psaycohl,pt,sent
joao_c_4@hotmail.com,jcterminator,pt,sent
chocho_69_11@hotmail.com,DONWorld_Master,pt,sent
JOAO_PAULO_____JP@MSN.COM,JP3LAURA,pt,sent
hype_it.up_@hotmail.com,French Kentucky,en,sent
earpmc@bigpond.com,Mearpy,en,sent
adiel@ymail.com,adiel,pt,sent
joaonocaut@hotmail.com,joaocouras,pt,sent
manuelfragoso@sapo.pt,manuelfragoso,pt,sent
fukk@usa.com,P0rnKing,en,sent
boate13@hotmail.com,boate13,pt,sent
dec_slb4ever@hotmail.com,dec69,pt,sent
riz1xp@yahoo.com,Ewan,en,sent
Boy_maloku@hotmail.com,Boy_Maloku,pt,sent
matthewalain@hotmail.com,matthewalain,en,sent
mb1983@gmx.de,nitop,en,sent
piloto_66@hotmail.com,Morcegao,pt,sent
fmbispo@gmail.com,Don Al Capone,pt,sent
marcooliveira26@sapo.pt,Red Demon,pt,sent
allan.neves@sapo.pt,minarel,pt,sent
costa_4010@hotmail.com,costa_k,pt,sent
willboyer5985@hotmail.com,kanster,en,sent
Pestanas24@hotmail.com,Pestanas24,pt,sent
tl@wa-est.be,Unicron,en,sent
junim_olivcout@yahoo.com.br,Tutu,pt,sent
miguelribeiro.ap@gmail.com,anatra,pt,sent
warwolf14@hotmail.com,Light,pt,sent
pedroribeiro15@hotmail.com,pedj,pt,sent
der_dunkler@yahoo.co.uk,Stitches676,en,sent
maridius@gmail.com,maridius,en,sent
caio_90_90@hotmail.com,Rukawa,pt,sent
co_feel@yahoo.com,RedzWizz,en,sent
zxk832d5@hotmail.com,britanic,pt,sent
vitality43477@yahoo.com,Marius,en,sent
alienmud@hotmail.com,evoluir,pt,sent
jose.correia.pt.2100@gmail.com,PtKaisen,pt,sent
alexsandrotesta@hotmail.com,cowboy,pt,sent
Michael.Bruck@yahoo.com,Mhaister Cillan,en,sent
italosantos100@hotmail.com,mafioso1100,pt,sent
im-p@live.com.pt,Manuel,pt,sent
casu.casu@hotmail.com,casu,pt,sent
deadlysin4@gmail.com,Keating,en,sent
feranoot@hotmail.com,quifer,en,sent
arkimonde@gmail.com,arkimonde,pt,sent
belal3d@yahoo.com,belal3d,en,sent
reddevilz_08@hotmail.com,cjones20,en,sent
imthesuperman@hotmail.com,eklerky,pt,sent
bina_dermonde@hotmail.com,derphenix,pt,sent
richard@samsari.org,samsari,en,sent
game.mail@juno.com,joelwest,en,sent
neidsonsantos007@gmail.com,nilsaint,pt,sent
tiagoremix_9@hotmail.com,tiagoremix,pt,sent
vasco_miguel_12@hotmail.com,PORTUGAL,pt,sent
dennni@hotmail.co.uk,dennny,en,sent
danieal_04@hotmail.com,toxinho,en,sent
rui.campos@pdmfc.com,ulisses,pt,sent
andrei@paragon-software.ro,aaasss,en,sent
pmorais@netcabo.pt,pmorrais,pt,sent
autocromo@gmail.com,ilogico,pt,sent
tiagoroldao@gmail.com,SUS Crew skullcrusher,pt,sent
mario.leite@pdmfc.com,mario.pdm,pt,sent
casapianos@yahoo.com,Dav cruz,pt,sent
irshboi.danny@gmail.com,AngelicChaos,en,sent
darkikun@hotmail.com,DarkiKun,en,sent
tel.casagrande@gmail.com,Lestat,pt,sent
sudsud@ig.com.br,marciajp,pt,sent
godricmcc@hotmail.com,Quantum_Marauder,en,sent
ricardo_avelino89@hotmail.com,NO World Destroier,pt,sent
all_one89@yahoo.com,Quartilla,en,sent
franklinjr_@hotmail.com,SlimShady,pt,sent
celo_al@yahoo.com.br,cangaceiro,pt,sent
nick.day1@gmail.com,Ndrd,en,sent
guilhermeh2004@gmail.com,guilhermehrd,pt,sent
bruno-koga@hotmail.com,bruno koga,pt,sent
jonas_thiele.10@hotmail.com,jhfortes,pt,sent
travisman401@yahoo.com,kilard123,en,sent
dvdblne@hotmail.com,poopman1,en,sent
stoic_erad@yahoo.com,catalyst,en,sent
brunolcouto@hotmail.com,bruno couto,pt,sent
liro_grilo@ig.com.br,_liro_,pt,sent
rowanevans@hotmail.co.uk,RowanE,en,sent
bsnoguera@gmail.com,krikit,pt,sent
dariom9.9@gmail.com,dousa,pt,sent
amsilva@ua.pt,pmatense,pt,sent
loganelhombre@hotmail.com,logalicious,en,sent
filipelima_05@hotmail.com,bolshei,pt,sent
distroyer760@aol.com,DarkDDR,en,sent
renatotorresmello@gmail.com,kamuy,pt,sent
cat3000ferreira@sapo.pt,cat300,pt,sent
Keredain@Gmail.com,Kain,en,sent
rmfgoncalves@clix.pt,ST xpto,pt,sent
vitaodoidao@gmail.com,VitaoDoidao,pt,sent
merfss@inbox.lv,merfs,en,sent
JesusIsMyShield@aol.com,Swordsman,en,sent
talissson@live.com,talisson_11,pt,sent
lhstn@yahoo.com.br,Gintoy,pt,sent
leonardjohard@yahoo.se,Solipsism,en,sent
mmonzonfont@hotmail.com,Monto,es
diogo_guia@hotmail.com,ferraz_10,pt,sent
smiche4@yahoo.com,mike,en,sent
sergio_ogame@hotmail.com,SERGI0,pt,sent
bravemfly@hotmail.com,ST xpto,pt,sent
catherine_thompson@hotmail.com,beautifulcat83,en,sent
christian_cf@hotmail.com,DarkPhoenix,en,sent
diogocosta86@hotmail.com,scosta,pt,sent
Deltaexe@msn.com,DeltaZX,en,sent
sobiech@bohater.net,sobi3ch,en,sent
yves_ace_ventura@hotmail.com,Ace_ventura,pt,sent
tiago.me.graca@gmail.com,Malk,pt,sent
rhyswilliams89@hotmail.co.uk,Lophire Knight,en,sent
sketch.sus@gmail.com,SUS Crew Sketch,pt,sent
robertoboyce@yahoo.com,math3000,en,sent
king_araujo@hotmail.com,NO king_t,pt,sent
bygarion@gmail.com,Vimp,en,sent
franciscolobao@portugalmail.pt,FJBL,pt,sent
carlos_batista1993@hotmail.com,carlos batista,pt,sent
nuno.marques69@gmail.com,NARM,pt,sent
ivo.msilva@gmail.com,ST Basaf,pt,sent
pedro3692@hotmail.com,pedro3692,pt,sent
spirit_of_flames@msn.com,AIR Firiten,pt,sent
zacharylimyiliang@hotmail.com,limylz,en,sent
miguel_caiado@hotmail.com,mokei2,en,sent
eng_cepeda@hotmail.com,gallego,pt,sent
fabio.martins@netcabo.pt,fgmPT,pt,sent
carlos_jogosnet@hotmail.com,carlosnet,pt,sent
murilo_255@hotmail.com.br,murilo loco,pt,sent
d_mcalister@hotmail.com,dismissdan,en,sent
reynaldomargolla@yahoo.com,kenpashi,en,sent
bruno5000@gmail.com,LfinalDJ,pt,sent
el_xinador_babilu@hotmail.com,elohim7e,pt,sent
SimplyFCB@gmail.com,SimplyFCB,pt,sent
darkchild134@yahoo.com,DallasStarsRule,en,sent
beevers1987@aol.com,beevers1987,en,sent
brunotw40@hotmail.com,fdp,pt,sent
diogoboldt@gmail.com,mirtilhos,pt,sent
rui_miguel1994@hotmail.com,mikonokia,en,sent
carangos_911@hotmail.com,Procoptium,pt,sent
balhau@gmail.com,balhau,pt,sent
claudio_caetano@hotmail.com,ST Dtwist,pt,sent
fpereira_1997@hotmail.com,Fajuh,pt,sent
carlik_hill@hotmail.com,carlik,pt,sent
wellington_borges@yahoo.com.br,156489,pt,sent
tidus200711@hotmail.co.uk,uchihaavengar,en,sent
rogerfurious@gmail.com,rogerfurious_123,pt,sent
sithlord654@hotmail.com,startrekluver,en,sent
jpmartins_rj@hotmail.com,Kratus10,pt,sent
pirat.kage@hotmail.com,kagemand,da
aricvann@hotmail.com,NatoGhost,en,sent
mennell2222@hotmail.com,mennell2222,en,sent
heldergomes29@hotmail.com,helder,pt,sent
sarevok6@poczta.fm,sarevok6,en,sent
gilbillfire@gmail.com,orumila,pt,sent
hitman112233@hotmail.com,Don theemperor,en,sent
zell_papin@msn.com,Zellpapin,pt,sent
helderomes29@hotmail.com,helder29,pt,sent
oltre_mago@hotmail.com,oltremago,en,sent
netosli@yahoo.com.br,netosli,pt,sent
saulo.debiasi@hotmail.com,Debiasi,pt,sent
magnatdragoon@hotmail.com,AIR Syriin,pt,sent
edsinho_69@hotmail.com,edsinho,pt,sent
jorgemiguel.gil@gmail.com,j0ca,pt,sent
gatodameianoite5@yahoo.com.br,ro455,pt,sent
ewrewfwfwef@hotmail.com,Jack,pt,sent
rodrigues_diogo@hotmail.com,AIR Diogo,pt,sent
diogoserra31@gmail.com,DS,pt,sent
naibels@gmail.com,naibels,pt,sent
sousa3395@hotmail.com,Zkaya,en,sent
antgomes99@gmail.com,uggae,en,sent
kanelloa@ceid.upatras.gr,archon,el
kelvinbento1@hotmail.com,bleck angel,pt,sent
devil.pt@gmail.com,ST devilpt,pt,sent
portlymouse@yahoo.com,Finfid,en,sent
duartegrilo@gmail.com,NO zedascouves,pt,sent
leonardo_roch@hotmail.com,blackdragon,pt,sent
callowbryan@yahoo.com,silverflyer,en,sent
linderman-marivel@hotmail.com,noctioni,pt,sent
katinha06@gmail.com,ORE FOxie,pt,sent
luisfevereiro@hotmail.com,Soulrak,pt,sent
fmbispo@hotmail.com,rasteirinho,en,sent
tsapage098@otmail.com,tsapage,pt,sent
epicurean.tiago@gmail.com,epicurean,en,sent
rredman13@gmail.com,WindLeader,en,sent
diogoferreira77@hhotmail.com,Fo0ker,pt,sent
serfosst@yahoo.com,Starvolatge,en,sent
reborned@gmail.com,reborned,en,sent
darkflamespirit@hotmail.com,ST Astral Fury,pt,sent
pepeorga@blueyonder.co.uk,Pepeorga,en,sent
brunomzlopes@hotmail.com,kendo5,pt,sent
f.c.daspanteras@gmail.com,Frederico16,pt,sent
terror_dragons@hotmail.com,Saorren,en,sent
miguel_sac_15@hotmail.com,fuck4on4,pt,sent
diogoferreira77@hotmail.com,VermillioNN,pt,sent
ruipedronascimento@hotmail.com,Don Skywalker,pt,sent
wontonforevuh@gmail.com,wontons,en,sent
alien_beaver@hotmail.com,Bogge,en,sent
nuno.inlux@gmail.com,PemaJigme,pt,sent
jimi_leo@hotmail.com,thoki,en,sent
ctyphoon@hotmail.com,ctyphoon,en,sent
aethernal@yahoo.co.uk,Aethernal,en,sent
leticiarj_gatinha@yahoo.com.br,tyycya,pt,sent
thomascarpy@hotmail.co.uk,tomcarpy,en,sent
joaoazb@hotmail.com,kures,pt,sent
pio1984@live.com.pt,pio8,pt,sent
henriquebarbosa983@hotmail.com,patrao,pt,sent
miguel_ferreira@netcabo.pt,Don Corleone,pt,sent
arjor@hotmail.com,ARMAL,pt,sent
pedroperoz@hotmail.com,pedroperoz,pt,sent
alex.hinkle@insightbb.com,seether,en,sent
maureman88@hotmail.com,Jimbo the Klingon,en,sent
chrisgar92@yahoo.com,kidguy890,en,sent
cloud789@gmail.com,HarryTheHipposaurus,en,sent
marcdrag@hotmail.com,MarcDrag,pt,sent
andrearimar_577@hotmail.com,Robialac,pt,sent
andrearrimar@gmail.com,Robialac,pt,sent
spectrum_onyxx@hotmail.com,King OFF Penedos,pt,sent
mjolexmal@gmail.com,Dr. Chmod,pt,sent
itachi.galanodel@gmail.com,itachi,pt,sent
milla_11_@hotmail.com,oiuyt,pt,sent
gserafix@gmail.com,ORE_Gandalf,pt,sent
slapidus@gmail.com,Joven,en,sent
bluz_w@hotmail.com,Shadow,pt,sent
helmsmen22@hotmail.com,Eroln,en,sent
viros33@hotmail.com,viros33,pt,sent
Jorge_m_santos_@hotmail.com,AIR Miguel,pt,sent
Geo.N579@hotmail.com,Devilgod12345,en,sent
van_chiken_rs@hotmail.com,van chiken,en,sent
amante.o@hotmail.com,amante157,pt,sent
rafapinto_90@hotmail.com,dj_mouse,pt,sent
ricardobmartins@vodafone.pt,XX82XX,pt,sent
renanpinelli91@hotmail.com,pinelli,pt,sent
kiko.carapeto@gmail.com,uzumakikiko,pt,sent
cesarsous@hotmail.com,inSuB,pt,sent
Taal_rasha@hotmail.com,Killiri Kreg,pt,sent
alankatakato@hotmail.com,katakato,pt,sent
cf483@hotmail.com,kliven,pt,sent
xavier.23@gmail.com,sirrocco,en,sent
DARKNESS_REAVERS@hotmail.com,Haziel  SEUD AD OADIRUCSE,pt,sent
wiiboyof3001@yahoo.com,tofupanda999,en,sent
AndriesDekelver@hotmail.com,Andries,nl
phnxdkkt555@gmail.com,phnxdkkt555,en,sent
kiko_carlitos@hotmail.com,kazongas,pt,sent
egjonas@gmail.com,abraxxis,en,sent
carlos1989@clix.pt,laranja,pt,sent
wolfaeon@gmail.com,tyoook,en,sent
flaviosousa8@hotmail.com,krypton,pt,sent
rschamne@hotmail.com,fael,pt,sent
shadow_666@live.com.pt,Kriptus,pt,sent
crazyman098@hotmail.com,monkeyduke,en,sent
xDomi19@gmx.de,Dominius,de
smoura6@gmail.com,NO Anfernius,pt,sent
jingsanwolf@yahoo.com,Kasterborous,en,sent
andymira92@yahoo.com,Juany,en,sent
roflmao82@gmx.net,xenu,en,sent
mantisman_3420@hotmail.com,deathhands,en,sent
alexandresemme@hotmail.com,Don Ashis,pt,sent
martinnz@hotmail.com,AIR Dunewalker,pt,sent
miguel_ferreira58@hotmail.com,DON transformer,pt,sent
brunotw40@gmail.com,islaick,pt,sent
ajfrost@comcast.net,Chouru,en,sent
777arc@gmail.com,Rexor,en,sent
hamish444@hotmail.co.uk,hamish44,en,sent
joaoespectacular@hotmail.com,jrokette,pt,sent
still_water1@hotmail.com,still_water,pt,sent
Jpower24@hotmail.com,JPower,en,sent
rocknsushi_girl@yahoo.com,sunshine,pt,sent
vmmpedro@hotmail.com,vmmpedro,pt,sent
theladelk@yahoo.com.br,elkthekid,pt,sent
sylikdivad@gmail.com,SUS Crew SylikDivad,pt,sent
Sergio_MadCri@hotmail.com,Sake_Master,pt,sent
nik666@gmail.com,nik666,en,sent
masdus@machine-logic.net,Masdus,en,sent
marcelo23@live.com.pt,FRmar,pt,sent
rikardo.passos@gmail.com,SUS Crew Passos,pt,sent
Mota338@hotmail.com,MYR,pt,sent
Sallvador_Miranda@hotmail.com,Seb,pt,sent
diamantino_jp@hotmail.com,AIR Simbion,pt,sent
ligotes13@portugalmail.pt,Ligotes,pt,sent
sandy@yahoo.com,Archangel Gabriel,en,sent
sousatiago@tugamail.com,NO Shadow Knight,en,sent
zachary_bloodz_19@hotmail.com,emozach19,en,sent
holesworth9@hotmail.com,holesworth9,en,sent
and.okuda@hotmail.com,angola,pt,sent
carlos.m.santos33@hotmail.com,grife93,pt,sent
ovallos.power@hotmail.com,gago,es
dtadaras@gmail.com,Archangelas,en,sent
xeon__20@hotmail.com,XeonFamous,en,sent
Congamasternick@yahoo.com,CCSabathia,en,sent
andresimao041@hotmail.com,SUS Crew 3v4nK,pt,sent
luis_manel@sapo.pt,NO Lord Dark L,pt,sent
Jones968@btinternet.com,Jonah75,en,sent
alan.bahr@gmail.com,Vampyr,en,sent
Alex_sousa69@hotmail.com,Sixela 69,pt,sent
littlea91@yahoo.com,chomplet,en,sent
knights_of_old@hotmail.com,Sietchtabr,en,sent
gil.stars@gmail.com,SoulFarmer,pt,sent
diogo_oliveira999@hotmail.com,Dj_Diaz,pt,sent
mata_97@hotmail.com,mata97,en,sent
virgil_mikado@hotmail.com,brokennelo,en,sent
jtfortunato@hotmail.com,msi_pc,pt,sent
drakor@hotmail.com,Drakor,en,sent
baronvoncrap@yahoo.com,shdwreaper,en,sent
karagor@clientlogic.com,Chye,en,sent
RETSEL_666@YAHOO.COM,EWAN,en,sent
gamelovepeace@yahoo.com,wawen,en,sent
gf123@hotmail.com,Paragon,en,sent
dududu95@hotmail.com,firered,pt,sent
froggyspad@gmail.com,froggyspad,en,sent
tcorreia87@iol.pt,messi,pt,sent
darkhunter131@hotmail.com,Agnester,en,sent
paladinsblood@hotmail.com,kennian,en,sent
Nicook5@gmail.com,Nicook,en,sent
fuzetaeserras@sapo.pt,serras,pt,sent
malformedlupa509@hotmail.com,FroWeaver,en,sent
hugobettencourt@live.com.pt,censored,pt,sent
fvasconcelos22@hotmail.com,Holocaust,pt,sent
rafafonso22@gmail.com,rafaf0ns0,pt,sent
ischumac@gmail.com,ischumac,en,sent
daniel-sis@hotmail.com,DaNiEl,pt,sent
jimrothwell123@yahoo.com,Darkvenom04,en,sent
killiri-kreg@sapo.pt,Saito,pt,sent
daniloocomedia@hotmail.com,Danilo,pt,sent
vitor.blanco5@yahoo.com.br,blancao22,pt,sent
mmobernardo@hotmail.com,bernardommo,pt,sent
steveoliver65@hotmail.com,Mallikn,en,sent
jamesoseman@aol.com,ASSASSINS MASTER,en,sent
elias_thome_@hotmail.com,eliasd3,pt,sent
nick.holmes@shaw.ca,Utheran,en,sent
pigyninja@gmail.com,LimpNinja,en,sent
joaoefilipa@hotmail.com,Don JBarata,pt,sent
mr_loire@yahoo.com,mr_loire,en,sent
nunos@zi-yu.com,Lord Pyro,en,sent
mrs_c_santos@hotmail.com,mrs,pt,sent
captain.harlock.s@hotmail.com,KoTaS,pt,sent
Yamabushi@inbox.com,Yamabushi,en,sent
miguel_ferreira@msn.com,blog,pt,sent
sk8npimp69@yahoo.com,johnnyloot,en,sent
mitjagomboc@yahoo.com,mitja,en,sent
ruizito_87@hotmail.com,rucedj,pt,sent
Cheesepuffham@yahoo.com,LordNub,en,sent
ricardo.timoteo@gmail.com,nokPT,pt,sent
sollowing@hotmail.com,SOLOWING,pt,sent
xsrape@gmail.com,xara,pt,sent
nunovcruz@gmail.com,E30bimmer,pt,sent
asquiro@gmail.com,asquiro,en,sent
danielok90@hotmail.com,dok112,en,sent
amoloto@gmail.com,amoloto,en,sent
danny.7.daniel@hotmail.com,dragon7,pt,sent
daniel@fluminense.com.br,dan_tak,pt,sent
vongsawat@gmail.com,AiSard,en,sent
barata_1986@clix.pt,Daddyroach,pt,sent
miguelcorreiabotelho@gmail.com,emele,pt,sent
me_be_coool@yahoo.com,supergrejt,en,sent
leonardo.genny@sapo.pt,leonardo34,pt,sent
talinsword@yahoo.com,talinsword,en,sent
home@rbj.myzen.co.uk,Galdenistal,en,sent
smokinakasam@gmail.com,SmokinSam,pt,sent
Juggaleezy.fo.sheezy@gmail.com,Juggaleezy,en,sent
eli_golfer@hotmail.com,eli,pt,sent
icosic82@hotmail.com,icosic82,en,sent
jrdnd9@aol.com,jordan,en,sent
vinicios_bp1@hotmail.com,xgum,pt,sent
peixoto.rafael@hotmail.com,Rafael5,pt,sent
twor@myrealbox.com,Lord twoR,pt,sent
dferreiramarques@gmail.com,Gancho,pt,sent
claudiogabi6@hotmail.com,claudio,pt,sent
trade_me_@hotmail.com,Nemo157,en,sent
alvaruh69@gmail.com,Scofield,pt,sent
danisaelferreira@gmail.com,danisael,pt,sent
terranzw@yahoo.com,narret666,en,sent
joao.pedro21@hotmail.com,gudinho,pt,sent
mattcresswell@hotmail.com,cresswell,en,sent
biohazard.place@gmail.com,Daimonion,pt,sent
skeleton_guy@hotmail.com,madhoe,en,sent
rafael.s_silverio@hoamail.com,Don_Rafael,pt,sent
rgcaldas@gmail.com,AIR rgcaldas,pt,sent
msmj500@hotmail.com,max,pt,sent
crazy_demon87@yahoo.com,asmodai,en,sent
rafael_123_gato@hotmail.com,blackdraco,pt,sent
joao.augusto@marktest.pt,AIR Morf,pt,sent
alan.dennis@yahoo.com,BOOM King,en,sent
alan_freire@msn.com,rallann,pt,sent
pre@psantos.net,Lord Shikamaru,pt,sent
raul.santos2@gmail.com,R4UL,pt,sent
yury_fcp@hotmail.com,Terrorisador,pt,sent
rafael.reia@gmail.com,DON MOGILEVICH,pt,sent
moronic.softwares@gmail.com,moron_man,en,sent
gordo_lost@hotmail.com,lostlet,pt,sent
canaltornado@hotmail.com,G O D,pt,sent
ruben_e_sandra@hotmail.com,SUS Crew SarricO,pt,sent
tank_222@hotmail.com,TxAxNxK,en,sent
sk8terboi587@yahoo.com,Sk8terboi587,en,sent
pacio49@gmail.com,Kierken,en,sent
yuricpm@yahoo.com.br,yurisilva,pt,sent
vinicius_zaramella@hotmail.com,Argaion,pt,sent
raggvariz@gmail.com,Taneru,en,sent
shadowfox@quantumworx.co.za,shadowfoxza,en,sent
inluxc@gmail.com,inluxc,pt,sent
serrinha-873@hotmail.com,Kuriadam,pt,sent
lipereira@iol.pt,Bitoca,pt,sent
fodaze@gmail.com,Don Fat Tony,pt,sent
jpangelus@hotmail.com,gutts,pt,sent
krystyan7@gmail.com,stryfed,en,sent
brunosorio@hotmail.com,Ozorio,pt,sent
ninjutsu_8@hotmail.com,ninja1986,pt,sent
mudkipattheopera@gmail.com,mudkipattheopera,en,sent
price_has_epix@hotmail.com,GameGoat,en,sent
ad982347@yahoo.com, Abraham the first Prophet,en,sent
fcp_565@hotmail.com,Gonzaloy,pt,sent
